,0
0,I'll return.
1,"Ugh I'm so frustrated. I thought we were doing a good thing for ourselves but now I think we are trapped.

Full backstory: A friend recommended their ""financial advisor"" to us. We thought ""Great! We've been meaning to meet with someone... we have a kid on the way and husband isn't putting away anything towards retirement since starting his new job in August"". 

So we set up phone meeting with his friend from Northwestern Mutual. She gives us a call, and we end up speaking with her for over an hour. She asks us lots of questions- what we are looking for (we tell her we want to set up retirement stuff for husband and explore maybe putting some of our 17k in savings into CD's or mutual funds). She asks us questions about when we see ourselves retiring, how ""aggressive"" we are, etc. All good stuff. We hang up and agree to talk again in a week when she will give us a plan.

Cut to a week later, we are having a phone meeting with her and she emails me THE PLAN. It's many many pages basically explaining what we have vs. what we will need if we want to retire.  But she mostly just talks about how we need more life insurance. ""Sure"" we think. Maybe we do need more life insurance. She explains that husband needs at least $1mill in life insurance and I need $500k (we both already have $150k policies through work on ourselves). This is news to us but we hear her out. She also spends a ton of time explaining how we need to have disability insurance. Again, we think ""maybe we do"". So we spend the greater part of an hour and a half talking about life insurance and long term disability insurance. She briefly mentions we should be maxing out my Roth IRA and we could perhaps start one for husband. So we hang up, with plans to talk again in a week and sign some paperwork.

Over the next week, husband and I really realize that we don't want disability insurance (she quoted us paying like $170/month) and we didn't really feel we needed more life insurance at this time (she had us paying $340/month in permanent and $125/month in term). But we were ok maxing out my Roth at $450/month. We also wanted to explore stocks/bonds/CD's/mutual funds more (like we initially told her). So I sent this all to her in an email before our next meeting. She sends back ""OK, great! Sounds good.. talk soon"".

Cut to another phone meeting, where she would talk with us about our updated PLAN. She emails us the NEW PLAN while we are on the phone. LITERALLY NOTHING IS CHANGED. She proceeds to spend the next hour convincing us why we need life insurance and disability insurance. Husband and I are both pushovers and listen to the whole schpeel again. Every time we bring up a reason why we don't feel like we need it, she tells us how we are wrong. I mean, she's the professional, we thought. I still expressed my disinterest in disability insurance but wasn't completely closing the door on life insurance. She kept giving me the guilt trip on ""what will your kids have if one of you dies!"". By the end of the conversation, I hadn't agreed to anything except to roll over my Roth to Northwestern. She had me give her my bank routing info to get ""the paperwork started"". She also said she was going to be sending me a bunch of stuff to sign in the next few weeks, but it was just to apply for things... nothing was set in stone. We could just see what the insurance company was going to quote us at, and we still aren't committed to anything. ""Ugh fine"" I think. She says a small amount might be taken out of my checking, but its just to make sure ""the charges are able to go through when we start moving more money to my Roth"".

SO a week or two goes by. And I see a ~$30 charge go through for ""disability insurance"". WHICH I TOLD HER I DIDN'T WANT!! And I just realize... this doesn't feel good. It doesn't seem right. She's not listening to what we want. She still hasn't addressed out interest in CD/mutual funds/stocks that we initially came to her for. I spend the weekend doing my due diligence- spending a few hours on r/personalfinance, NerdWallet, just googling in general about what husband and I should really be doing. I decide to call the whole thing off with Northwestern.

It's been a nightmare trying to cut off ties with her. I was kind and courteous through the first couple emails and subsequent texts ""We really appreciate your time but have decided to pull out. Again, thank you"". 

She is being evasive and manipulative. Telling us we are completely wrong and we still need to work with her. At this point I have just ignored any further communication. It has just been a really bad experience. 


But THE REAL REASON I still feel like I can't completely ignore her, is that I asked her several times when I should expect to see a refund for the disability insurance THAT I DID NOT WANT AND DID NOT AGREE TO. She just dances around the question. I'm also worried because I have gotten a ""bill"" (no charges yet) in the mail for the $340/month in permanent and $125/month in term and $170 in short term disability. 

Is there anything I can do to make sure I don't get charged this? If I communicate with her any farther, she just tries to talk to us about why we need to invest with her, etc. 

WHAT DO WE DO. She is being shady AF.  "
2,"I’ll preface this by saying I’m from the UK. I recently visited the US and what shocked me most wasn’t the enormous size and low price of the fast food, nor was it rampant drug abuse almost everywhere we went.

**It was the size of the fucking gaps in toilet stalls!**

After lunch, about an hour ago, I took my customary early afternoon shit ready to knuckle down towards the weekend. I hadn’t been feeling great for most of the week (blame too much Guinness on a Dublin stag party over the Bank Holiday weekend), and my shits had been coming out like the water in those UNICEF commercials. In colour and consistency.

So, imagine my surprise when today I squatted down (I’m not a sitter in public) I had to actually push, rather than having my insides fall out like they’d been hurtled from space.
There are only two cubicles on my floor, but they’re well built, minimal gaps, they feel quite secluded. The one next to me was now occupied as I’d heard someone enter, and I was eager to leave.

After another minute of straining I stood up, unsatisfied with my progress, but calves and thighs aching from squatting. I looked down into the bowl to see nothing more than a few paltry nuggets floating on the water. As I went to wipe, I felt a few more stragglers that I hadn’t managed to expel, confident I’d get them here.

To my horror, as I wiped one of these solid, spherical nuggets dislodged itself, and in what seemed like slow motion, fell to the floor and rolled under to the next stall. It rolled through in the centre of the tiniest of cracks, and I’m sure in full view of whoever was unlucky enough to have wandered in next to me.
 
I didn’t even run the risk of another wipe. I opened the door, barely having time to pull up my pants, and sprinted out of the bathroom, and shuffled out of the building. 

I’m back at my desk, nobody has mentioned the poop sharer. But I can’t help but feel all eyes on me.

FML.

TL;DR: My shit rolled underneath the cubicle next to me at work. I panicked and ran.

Edit: Damn, out of everything I’ve posted THIS is the one that blew up.

So first, those disgusted at my lack of handwashing, I didn’t have my fingers in my rectum, my hands weren’t covered in shit. Rest assured the first thing I did was run to the mall across from work and finish wiping/wash my hands. It wasn’t like a went straight to preparing sushi.

Secondly, for those of you that thought I was ragging on the Good Ol’ US of A, that wasn’t my intention. I loved every bit of there beautiful country I had the pleasure of visiting. June Lake, CA was a particular highlight.

"
3,"So my dad can be an asshole. Case in point, one time he/mom/brother (aged 15)/myself (aged 6) all were on a flight. My dad, being the cheapskate he was, bought himself and mom decent seats on a flight, and the very back seats for my brother and me. This is a dick move, as my brother is 6'5 and weighs like 240 at this time (he's always been a giant). The poor thing couldn't even sit up straight and had to tuck his legs in. It was to be a five hour flight.

A very nice flight attendant kept checking up on us. Asked us if we were okay, did we need anything. My brother was very polite and said no, he would manage.

The flight attendant kept looking back at us, all worried. She disappears for about five minutes, and comes back with a big smile. She says she can't stand to see my brother so clearly in pain, and they has a lot of space in first class. She tells us the seats are ours, and to follow her to our free upgrade. 

We pass our parents on the way to the front, and my dad asks the flight attendant where we're going. She explains the situation. He asks if he and my mom could sit with us. In a brief moment of genius, I look at the flight attendant, tell her I don't know these people. My brother agrees, and they're left in their inferior seats next to a mom with a crying infant. We got free in flight meals.

We both got grounded once we landed. 

WORTH IT. "
4,"Obligatory LTL; FTP.

I posted this story elsewhere and someone suggested it would fit here.

TL;DR at the bottom. Sorry in advance for any formatting or grammatical errors. English is not my first language.

This is a pretty long one, so hope you're up for the challenge :)

*****************

This all happened five or so years ago while I was working for a proprietary trading firm. The company is a multinational and it had opened a new office in my city a couple of years before I joined them. For those who don't know, most prop shops (as I understood it) have a very high turnover rate. Just toss everyone in and keep those who stick. The company I worked for recruited every three months. It had space for about 120 traders but the office was never full. Out of the twenty or so who were hired every quarter, only about five managed to make it beyond the three month internship period, and of those, only one - or sometimes none at all - made it past the additional three months probation period. The company was operating in my city for two years before I joined and there were only about four people who I could have called permanent. Everyone else, about another ten, was either on their internship or on probation.

The Setup.

I and about twenty five others were recruited straight out of university. The internship period paid really well for a first job, about twice as much as any other entry level position in other financial institutions plus bonuses once we went live (regardless of whether one is on internship, probation or permanent), and I was really excited.

I first came across my boss, a really decent Indian guy, at a industry day held in our university. That was where they administered the IQ tests and I passed. The office, similar to other mid-sized operations, had a pretty flat management structure. Us traders were at the lowest level, the HR/Ops manager was above us, and the Office Manager was, well, the head of the branch. The boss gave time off pretty much whenever you asked for it as long as the day's objectives were fulfilled (that was his policy).

However, the HR/Ops manager was his opposite, and then some. This lady was a Grade-A bitch, and I mean that sincerely. Let's call her Gabby.

The Instigating Event

I first met Gabby when I went to their offices for my final interview. I was registering at the front desk when she marched from her office demanding some documents from the receptionist. The receptionist wanted to finish up with me first but she was ordered off to file storage. Our exchange went like so:

Gabby: You're one of the new ones?

Me: Yes. I'm really excited.

Gabby: Don't be. you don't look like you'll make it.

Me: Why?

Gabby: You're too soft.

A pause.

Gabby: Buut... I can put in a good word for you, if you give me a little something. ( a bribe).

Me: Haha. Very funny.

Gabby: I'm serious. Give something and I'll make it very easy for you. Otherwise I'll make sure you don't even get into the interview.

Me: No.

Gabby: Stupid idiot.

Right to my face. And she kept her word. She made me sit in a hidden corner of the waiting room where no one would see me easily, but I could hear the conversations at the desk. The only reason why I got an interview is because apparently I had impressed the boss at our previous meeting that he came to see why my CV wasn't there. Gabby said that I hadn't sent it in. The receptionist stated that she had seen it somewhere. Then I walked up to the desk at the same time the receptionist said, ""Here it is. It was in the trash..."" and everyone stared at Gabby.

From that moment of humiliation onwards, Gabby had a raging hate boner for me. You see, Gabby was a micromanager, more of a nanomanager really. She made us have to request access if we wanted to access sites other than those on her approved list, and for traders who gain info from wherever we could find it, her list was woefully inadequate. She would call meetings at the most inopportune times - but only when the branch manager was not around - and in her lengthy meetings, you could never leave to check on your positions. She had this annoying habit of taking my lunch and when I confronted her about it, she essentially told me to go fuck myself. That I could live with. I just started bringing in two sets of lunch and kept on doing the job that I loved.

Gabby was married with two kids, and she was pretty. I guess she liked the attention because she would have a stream of guys picking her up at the office for two hour 'lunches' and when she left for home some evening. But not on Thursday. Thursdays were the days when her husband would come pick her up towing their kids along. I think they went to have a family dinner or something.

The Mistakes Gabby Made: Round One

Our manager left about two months after I joined. I think he returned to India to get married or something but still stayed with the company. Wished him all the best. None of the other permanent traders had the experience corporate required to take on a management role (5 years at least) so they had to shop around. In the meantime, Gabby became the de-facto head of the branch despite the fact that her knowledge of futures markets was rudimentary at best.

Her first mistake was when she delayed my promotion from internship to probation. I am an excellent trader, and was easily top five in my group. Of the 26, she promoted the twenty she liked, kept me and another guy in internship, and fired four.At around the same time, another recruitment drive happened and another twentyish interns were hired. I knew this was our beef rekindled and remixed, and I was actually surprised she held onto it for so long. It was also pretty unusual since the last thing my former boss did before he left was to promote me from the simulator to a live trading account. But I kept my head down and continued learning, often going back to my former boss and the permanent employees to get advice.

Another three months go by, and in the next evaluation I was shocked that I was still not brought up to probation, despite the fact that all of the new recruits of the second group had been promoted and I was easily the best and the only one trading live. I knew I was good at the job. The permanent guys all said so. The group I initially joined with was frequently asking me for advice. To their credit, a few of them were good, but most of them were still on sim, and as a rule, no one advanced to probation while still on sim. However, you could go live while on internship if you were good which is what had happened to me. So I was a live trader and making good money but I was still on internship and passed over twice. I couldn't let go of that.

I decided to talk to Gabby directly. I approached the senior guys and made my case, though I was careful not to put her in bad light. They agreed to help me and so they did. about a month after the she passed me over the second time, she gave me my promotion and I was now on probation. At this time, she was still unsure of her power and was still afraid of the permanent traders. Those guys were like gods.

Two months after my promotion, another evaluation and recruitment drive. I was not promoted. The group I started out with was now permanent, despite having only two of them trading live. The group I was currently with on probation were all promoted to permanent status. The group behind me on internship was all promoted to probation, and another group was hired. I let it go hoping she had got it out of her system. Sadly, she had not.

Round Two

Three months go by. I'm trading live and loving it, though still on probation. An evaluation comes up again and I'm not promoted, despite the fact that, contract to contract, I was almost on a level with the permanent employees. The group that found me on probation was advanced to permanent status to a man, and none of them were live. the group behind me caught up to me and a new batch of newbies were hired as interns. I couldn't let this one go either. I approached the original four permanent employees who were now my very good buddies and planned to do the same thing as last time. Only this time, it didn't work. Gabby had grown into her sadistic power and flatly refused to even consider my promotion even after she was presented with evidence that I was worth it. Her argument was along the lines of, ""I'm the boss so I can do whatever the hell I want.""

But I wasn't having that, so I contacted my former boss for help. At the time he had been promoted to head of operations, Africa. He was actually quite surprised, given my performance, that I was still on probation. Needless to say, the order came down from on high and Gabby looked like she was shitting six pineapples simultaneously as she handed my letter. And I thought that was the end of it. How wrong I was.

On the next recruitment she hired this girl, let's call her Sue. Sue was an intelligent person all round, but she didn't have the emotional quotient to handle the market (trading, as I was taught, requires two mental aspects: IQ and EQ. You can't improve IQ, but you can boost your EQ to deal with the numerous stresses that accompany the career). Sue had more than enough of the IQ part, but EQ, not so much. No worries, you can work on that.

Just to recap: The office now had about seventy employees. Of these, over thirty were permanent staff (me included) but only eleven were trading live. Another twenty or so were on probation, but only three were trading live. None of the interns were live. The office needed to stay profitable if it was to stay open which means that the money the fourteen live traders were paying the salaries of everyone in the office, rent, supplies, health insurance, pensions etc etc. Needless to say, corporate was not seeing a lot of returns from our branch, and as I came to learn later from my former boss, were considering shutting down the branch and costing us our jobs. But I digress.

The Last Straw

The Grade-A Bitch Gabby took advantage of an inconsolable and desperate Sue to try and get me for sexual harassment. This is how it went down. Remember all those people still on sim? Well, they all came to the eleven of us for trading advice and we did what we could to help them. We divided up the sim traders into groups and I was mentoring about four people. Sue was one of them. As any trader will tell you, the period before profitability is usually one of losses (unless you're really good) and is filled with stress and fear (hence the need for high EQ). It's normal, and you get through it.

Sue was going through such a rough patch one evening. We were going over her trades (bad trading day all around), when she just burst out crying. I know how it feels. I had shed my own tears as well. So comforted her the best I could. I held her hand and patted her on the back awkwardly (to this day I still don't know how to comfort someone) until she quieted down. What I didnt know was that Gabby had seen us.

As I came to learn later, she approached Sue the following day and made her an offer. Gabby would make sure Sue kept her job and would get her a lot of money if she stated that I had sexually harassed her. Sue took Gabby up on the offer and what followed was a nightmare.It started with a formal reprimand from corporate, a hearing in which I wasn't present to defend myself (because Gabby 'forgot' to send me the summons).

Apparently she lobbied quite viciously to get me fired. The only reason I was able to keep my job was that my former boss came to my defence. Despite his help, I lost my quarterly bonus (about US$100,000) and half of my holdback (about US$400,000). I also had to attend seminars which essentially involved watching the same film on sexual assault in the workplace (three hours long) until I stated, in writing, that I was an abuser and it would go on my record. I knew that if that happened, Gabby would have the ammunition she needed to ruin my life forever. So every day, I got into the office at seven in the morning, watched the three hour film until ten. Refuse to acknowledge it, then get to work, leave the office at 11:20 in the evening, rinse and repeat. For almost seven months. It was tiring, and torture, and Gabby never let me live it down.

All of the people I had been mentoring were transferred the day after my reprimand. A day after that, Gabby informed me via letter that my clip size had been cut from 1000 to 20 contracts. Yeah, I had to admit, I was bloodied. I was down, but the bitch didn't know that she should have ended me.

The Revenge

Step 1: Ruin Gabby's Career.

I started compiling all the shit that was happening to me in the office. It started when I realized that when I went out to lunch, someone would open my desk drawer and mess around with my notebook, where I jotted down my trading ideas for the day. The only person who had a key apart from me was Gabby. Apparently she had mastered my lunchtime routine for the entire 45 minute break and would open my locker when I was out smoking. She would then copy down my trading plans for the day and give them to Sue. I even saw them at it once, but they didn't see me. I documented it. I let it go on for a while so that I could establish a pattern via Sue's trades. I then approached two of the permanent traders who were closest to me and told them my plan.

Remember when I said almost no money was reaching corporate? and that there were only eleven live traders? The situation had only gotten worse. The office was now full but we had less that fifteen live traders. Live trading could only be approved by Head of Operations (my former boss) and he was a strict one. Now imagine that my earning capacity had been cut by over 90%. My two friends agreed to my plan and they slowed down their trading by around 50%. This essentially put the branch in the red and three weeks later, we were told that Head of Ops and other head honchos were coming down. The next phase involved getting Sue into a corner. Pleas, a tear or two, and revealing that I could prove she had been stealing my work were enough to get a written statement from her that Gabby had orchestrated my whole sexual harassment thing.

Step 2: Ruin Gabby's Marriage

It took only a little investigation on my part to realize than all those men who visited the office were actually Gabby's lovers. She would leave for two-hour 'lunches' with her phone turned off. I took advantage of one such period. Gabby left and I snuck into her office to find her Facebook profile open. Everyone knew she was always on there and it was a sore point because she had banned it for the rest of us minions. I got into her Messenger, and voila! Explicit texts, nudes, rants about her husband and his inadequacies, the six guys or so she had cheated with, all of it. I copy pasted the data into her private email which she was logged into as well (always clear cache, you guys) and sent it to my private email, then deleted it from her sent folder. Now I had the ammo on my phone ready to send.

Step 3: Ruin Gabby's Relationship with her Kids.

Now, I'll say right off the bat I'm not proud of this step. but to bust my justice nut, it wasn't enough to just send the info to her husband. So I waited for Thursday when I knew he would be passing by the office with the kids. The Pro Revenge gods saw fit to bless me that day, because it was the same day that Corporate Head Honchos were ridin' into town.


Thursday.

I was at the office at seven as usual with all my documentation from my appointment letter to the numerous rejected requests for promotion, sat through the three hour sexual harassment video (yes, I was still doing that), and waited for the Moment. The guys from corporate, my former boss included, arrived and went straight into a meeting with Gabby. I was quite certain that they would call me in to know why I had been attending a sexual harassment awareness class for almost a year, and I was ready for them.

I was called in after lunch, at about two. The question was asked and before I could answer, Gabby jumped on the bit like I knew she would. She went on a long rant about how I had been insubordinate, and how I liked to touch the female employees. I could tell from her grin that she thought she was winning.

And then I pulled out Sue's letter, and the grin curdled on her face. Sue was hurriedly called in and she backed my story. She said she was sorry. She was fired on the spot and told to go wait at the receptionist for her final check. I felt no sympathy. I was on a roll.

Next I pulled out my analysis of my trades and told them how Gabby had been breaking into my locker and stealing my notes for sue. Gabby denied it. Sue was called back in. She denied it. My former boss logged into the company network, pulled Sue's and my trading data. He compared the positions taken by both of us with my notes. He said it was true. Sue was fired again. They told me they would refund my confiscated bonus and holdback, with an extra 50 grand. That was fine by me. The justice was enough.

And then I spotted Gabby's husband heading into her office as usual, their two kids in tow. I pulled out my phone, grinned at her and said,

""You're husband is here.""

She turned around and saw him. She excused herself for a minute to tell him to wait.

My former boss said, ""Sure.""

I pressed send.

TL;DR. Grade-A Bitch tries to ruin my career because I humiliated her, I burn her life to the fucking ground.

EDIT: As for the aftermath, Gabby's husband absolutely lost his shit. Her office was glass-walled and the rest was open-plan so we could all hear what they were shouting about. He finally left with their kids in tow (sorry little ones) Gabby followed him still shouting at him. Then she saw us all standing around and the look on her face was priceless as she was wondering which aspect of her life to try and salvage. She let her husband go, but about an hour later she had been fired.

My favorite boss stayed behind since there was no one left. He stayed for a month training the lady who had been with the company the longest to take over as manager. She is easily the most brilliant mind I had ever met. Unfortunately the branch was still struggling with so many employees who were not generating income and they had to shut it down. But they transferred all the performing employees to their other various branches in London (2 branches) and India (9 branches). So I guess no one undeservedly lost their jobs.

I still stalk Gabby on Facebook. There have been a lot of ""I'm single because I'm too awesome"" posts of late. I almost feel sorry for her, but I remember the three-hour video and I stop being foolish. From what I could see on LinkedIn, Sue bounced around from firm to firm until she found a position as a research analyst. My favorite boss is still at the firm. We talk from time to time.

I took a break from trading for a while. After all the shit that went down, I needed a break so I didn't take them up on their offer to relocate to India. Went to work with a buddy of mine who has a consultancy. When I feel ready I'll go back to the market. For me at least, there is no other job as challenging and satisfying.

Wow. That was long. I think though that's the end of my ProRevenge :)"
5,"Hey Reddit! About 2 months ago I began working full time from an [old Land Rover Defender 110](https://imgur.com/5yihO6B) that I converted into a rolling home/office. I was tired of London so upped sticks to live a simpler life on the road.

So far I have travelled all across the Alps, where 4G reception has given me *consistently* faster internet than anything I ever had in London \(which is total madness\). I average around 80mb/s each day compared to the pathetic 17mb/s I was getting back home.. Work that one out.. [Here are my recent internet speeds](https://imgur.com/gZf8upF)

I'm the graphic designer for my startup [Reedsy](https://reedsy.com), we fully embrace the remote work culture and have people based all over the world.

Desk \- [https://imgur.com/dBj1LRQ](https://imgur.com/dBj1LRQ)

Campervan mode \- [https://imgur.com/kvtLx3Q](https://imgur.com/kvtLx3Q)

I'm far from the first person to try #vanlife, and I find a lot of the hype somewhat staged... you never see the posts of people camped at Walmart, or the day the van breaks down, but I just wanted to show that living on the road is a feasible option for those of us who are lucky to work remotely.

Ask me Anything!

\-\-\-\-

For way more info, there is an article about my trip on Business Insider:\) \- [http://www.businessinsider.com/i\-live\-and\-work\-in\-my\-car\-heres\-how\-2018\-5](http://www.businessinsider.com/i-live-and-work-in-my-car-heres-how-2018-5)

Also my instagram: [https://www.instagram.com/mattjohncobb/](https://www.instagram.com/mattjohncobb/)

Proof here: [https://imgur.com/0QkZocG](https://imgur.com/0QkZocG)"
6,"* [A search](https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/search?q=brain+divided&amp;restrict_sr=on) doesn't reveal anything that answers this question specifically.

* Yes, I know that [many of the left brain/right brain claims are false](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_common_misconceptions#Brain).

* Essentially I'm asking about the cerebrum's [longitudinal fissure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longitudinal_fissure)--why would such a feature be selected for? Doesn't it waste space that could be used for more brain? Is there a benefit from inhibited interhemispheric communication?

* And what about non-human animals--are their brains divided too? How long ago did this feature arise?"
7,"There's been a lot of front page submissions about them stealing copyrighted stuff recently and somehow they seem to think that they can just get away with it.

In the latest submission about the topic [I suggested we ban all WTF1 content](https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/8nl4c0/wtf1_again_used_a_photo_for_their_meme_without/dzwo5wg/?utm_content=permalink&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=formula1). Afterwards I received a message from a newly created account with the title ""Shut the fuck up about WTF1"" and body ""dumbass"".

It seems they care a lot about the traffic Reddit generates and they think they can just steal and threaten and people will just accept that. And who knows? Maybe if we ban their content more sites will follow."
8,"Nearly every state has a variation of said law with each stating what places are deemed permisable for ""safe abandonment"". Please dont abandon babies in parks or on the side of the road! These laws were created to prevent that very situation and give the baby the best possible chance to thrive considering the allready less than ideal circumstances.

EDIT ""Safe Haven Laws"" sorry for the typo."
9,"She had fallen while hiking last month and for the first week she was in severe pain so went to an urgent care.  At the urgent care they took xrays and said everything was fine.  A week goes on and she is still in severe pain so I booked her an appointment at an orthopedic specialist.  Her first appointment she waited 2 hours and got an xray that he looked at for ~1 minute before telling her there was nothing wrong and just to take 'epsom salt baths' for her foot which was pretty bruised.  A week later she went for a followup with him and again she waited for 2 hours for him to see her for ~2 minutes and he said everything was looking better and she should be fine to get back to hiking.

For the next week she tried walking  bit with me but she was really in pain still and my wife is really fucking tough when it comes to pain tolerance so I got her an appointment at a second specialist.  She not only got in right away but the Doctor sat with her for about 20 minutes asking her 100 questions about the incident while she had new xrays taken and when he got the xrays back he found and showed my wife all the fractures in her leg/foot.

So basically my wife ended up walking on a broken leg/foot for 2weeks+ because one doctor completely misdiagnosed her twice because his office seemed to be really busy/overbooked.  Is there a way to contact my insurance company or this guys' office and have a valid case for a refund here?  Or is this one of those cases that you pay for their opinion regardless of how accurate it is?"
10,"Not my story, but my parents. 

Car involved: 2005 diesel Jetta (the generation before the recalled model)

About 10 years ago, my dad got into a bad accident in the Jetta (woman t-bones him at full speed, left side of the car shot to hell). He starts the claim through his insurance and they start the repairs. The insurance adjuster writes into the repair report that the insurance company put a lifetime guarantee on all repairs done to the car from this accident. Things that were repaired/replaced included the transmission, the condenser, the radiator, serpentine belt, headlights assembly, ECU, etc. Basically, a lot of big ticket items. 

So time wears on, and about three years later the front left headlight needs to be replaced so my dad takes it into the shop and then sends the insurance company through bill. 

Insurance agent: why are you sending this to us?

Dad: it's one of the things repaired after the accident that you guaranteed for life.

Insurance company: we didn't mean lifetime, we meant a year.

Dad: well, the policy says lifetime so you're on the hook.

After a few nasty grams between lawyers, the insurance company pays up. But now, my parents are pissed at the way they've been treated so they resolve to keep the car until the floorboards rust out.

Things that have been replaced on the insurance company dime since then: clutch, radio, left front tire (multiple times), brake pads and rotors, front bumper, driver door window motor, air filter, etc.

The insurance company tried to buy them out a few years ago but my parents refused, and since no limitations were put on the repair policy, the insurance company is on the hook for as long as my parents own the car. It's a manual diesel so it's going to live forever.

Current mileage target: 500k"
11,"For Americans it seems really important to point out where their roots are, be it from Europe, Africa, Asia.  But as someone born in Germany I have a really hard time understanding the concept of being ""1/8 German, 1/8 Sudanese"" and so on.  My friends of mixed origin, both obvious and unnoticable never talk about where their parents originated from unless directly asked about it. Why are americans so different about that?

Also why is slavery still such a hot/taboo topic? We too have embarrassing/horrfying history and of course are taught about it in school, but i never met someone above the age of 50 who still holds a grudge about it.  And if I'm not mistaken a few victims of ""our"" atrocities are still alive today. Who living today is still affected by slavery?

Please don't get me wrong, I don't want to offend anyone. I'm just courious how people think."
12,"Marry Cudi

Kill Drake"
13,"Both biblical and anthropological,if posible. "
14,"I also bought a gym membership in fucking person, never in my nightmares would I have imagined doing that. Bought a few new shirts and threw out about 80 bucks worth of junk food that I bought yesterday. I am so over this shit. I need something to change. No more being a fucking pushover and a procrastinator. If I fail I will fail again, and again until I get somewhere, anywhere is better than this shit.

Big thanks to Jordan Peterson. After 3 months of watching his videos casually I had a ""lightbulb"" moment and realized I was enjoying being a victim and used it as a outlet to be a slob. No more.

I look forward to the negative people, the judging eyes, the hallway whispers of ""Does he actually think it will work"" type shit. All of it. Fuck it. Come at me bro.

Day 1 at the gym tomorrow, alarm is set for 7:00am. Let's do this."
15,"In 'Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire', after Harry comes out of the maze and tells Dumbledore that Voldemort had used his blood to regenerate himself, he sees ""**a flash of triumph** "" in Dumbledore's eyes. Now this bugged me a lot at the time, and I never thought about it much, until Harry meets Dumbledore in the limbo in Deathly Hallows, where he explains Voldemort's fatal mistake.

It meant that at the time **Dumbledore knew that  Voldemort wouldn't be able to kill Harry as Lily's protection in Harry's blood \(which Voldemort now had\) would bring Harry back to life if he was killed by Voldemort**.

This enabled Harry to get rid of the part of Voldemort's soul that was in him when he let Voldemort kill him in Deathly Hallows, while himself remaining alive, since Lily's protection was alive in Voldemort's veins.

Pretty epic storytelling, IMHO."
16,"The original gist of body positivity was ""you shouldn't hate yourself for being overweight, but instead you should like yourself enough to want to live healthier"". Somewhere down the line it turned into ""you have a right to weigh three hundred pounds and anybody who says anything otherwise is an ableist piece of shit"". 

I dunno, people everywhere like to shit all over body positivity so I thought this belonged here. "
17,"""That’s it, I’ve had enough, just can’t stand this anymore

Guys can you sort this dogs dinner of a PC in distribution for me

I came in bright and breezy this morning and switched the offending, antiquated box on – whilst waiting for windows to start loading I packed a couple of despatch items and then turned to look at the screen to be met with the usual message “windows is updating 10&amp;#37;” message

Knowing how slow this computer is I sat back and pondered my life and then began to think about the complexities of space and time. It wasn’t until I had nearly calculated the gravitational pull on an object circulating a wormhole in an elliptical orbit that the message on the screen finally changed.

Much to my distress and consternation however I was met with a new never seen before message “”we couldn’t complete the updates – Undoing changes”. Now given the length of time it took to try and update I realised I could serve my time better by having a cup of tea, so off to the 1st floor for a fresh brew, on returning as expected the message had not changed, we were still undoing – in someways this reversal did make me feel somewhat like Benjamin Button as he actually got younger as time went by in a tortuously long film akin to the length of time  this archaic black box was taking so I decided I would need to shorten my miserable existence on this lonely planet by having a smoke. Now I’m not the fastest smoker of a cigarette in the world and indeed on this occasion I felt no pressure to hurry but even so on my return seeing the same message did crush my dreams and hopes of an early finish for the weekend. I sat down in front of the screen again and hoped, even prayed for a new message or some kind a computer action. My dreams were met shortly afterwards when said PC came up with the reboot message. Enlivened by this I sat up straight expecting to dive back into work with gusto. Unfortunately I received a virtual kick in the nether regions from my black boxed nemesis as it gave me an all too familiar message “we couldn’t complete the updates\- Undoing changes” My life swam around me, memories of the past came flooding back as I relived my time on this earth, the good, the bad, the ugly in a kaleidoscope of images, I summoned my last will of hope and strained every sinew in my body and started to bang my head against the keyboard again and again and again and… well you get the picture. Eventually as we all know, hope springs eternal and some 45 minutes after 1st attempting to do my duty the sign on screen finally appeared, with some trepidation I entered the password and after a further 5 minutes knobs, buttons keys and the mouse sprang into life. My work was done I thought and then I quickly realised it hadn’t even begun yet which hurt, hurt more than you can ever imagine. 

Anyway I’m now over this harrowing part of my life, things are back on track however it’s an experience I’d rather not repeat again so can I implore you all to remove this offending box and replace it with something more youthful and exuberant, much like my former self.

Kind regards

Dave"""
18,"Servus! \(sagt man so in Bayern\)

der Titel sagt schon alles. Bin hier geboren, aufgewachsen, zur Schule gegangen. Ich erscheine pünktlich \(10 Minuten vorher\) zum Termin beim örtlichen Landratsamt. Es wären auch 20 Minuten gewesen, hätte ich nicht vorher eine Bratwurst verdrückt und einen Fahrradfahrer, der auf dem Gehweg unterwegs war, zurechtweisen müssen. Wie dem auch sei, leider habe ich das Pech das ich 1996, also während des Jugoslawienkriegs geboren und einen kosovarischen Pass habe. Also doch nicht Papier\-Deutsch.

Ich wollte mich einbürgern lassen, was ja generell schon bedeutet sich geistig runterzuschrauben und sich erniedrigen zu lassen \(Kreuzen Sie die Vereinigungen an, in denen Sie Mitglied sind \- gefolgt von einem Formular mit Al\-Quaida und ISIS Gruppierungen! SUPER!\). Wie dem auch sei. Antrag gestellt, Gebühr gezahlt, dann kam der Brief:

Sie müssen sich ausbürgern lassen aus dem Kosovo und Serbien. Hä? Warum Serbien, ich habe doch nur einen kosovarischen Pass. Hat wohl was mit der damaligen politischen Lage zu tun. Also hin zum Landratsamt. Nachdem ich einen Termin ausgemacht habe. Und Urlaub genommen.

**Ich: Hey! Schicke Birkenstock\-Sandalen! Bestimmt bequem. Achso, warum ich hier bin. Ich wollte fragen warum...**

&gt;**Sie: ""IST SO! Gesetze sind Gesetze"".**

*Okay, alles klar. Hin zum serbischen Konsulat mit der Bitte um Ausbürgerung:*

&gt;**""Sie müssen erst überprüfen lassen ob sie die serbische Staatsangehörigkeit haben, dafür brauchen wir ihre Dokumente""**

**Ich: Ja easy brudi, hier mein Pass**

&gt;**""Das ist ein kosovarischer Pass. Erkennen wir nicht an. Land gibts nicht""**

**Ich: Logo. Hier mein Aufenthaltstitel und meine deutsche Geburtsurkunde**

&gt;**""Das geht nicht. Wir brauchen ein serbisches Dokument""**

**Ich: Woher? Ich bin in München geboren, war da noch nie**

&gt;**""Von ihr Mutter, oder von ihrem Vater""**

**Ich: Mein Papa ist deutsch. Meine Mama hat keine serbisches Dokumente, nur Kosovo**

&gt;**""Dann können wir ihnen leider nicht helfen""**

*Ich so: Supi, lauf ich halt wieder zum Landratsamt. Also, ich meine, ich habe einen Termin ausgemacht. und mir Urlaub genommen.*

**Ich ""Leider komme ich nicht weiter, können Sie...""**

**Sie: ""IST SO! Gesetze sind Gesetze""**

Ich weiß echt nicht was mich mehr stört. Das die Frau so einen Gefallen an ihrer aktiven Nicht\-Hilfe hat oder ihr penetranter Kaffee\-Mundgeruch. Ich überlege meinen Kosovo\-Pass an Ort und Stelle zu verbrennen und im Zimmer schräg gegenüber Asyl zu beantragen. Habe es sein lassen, hatte kein Bock den Feuerwehreinsatz zu zahlen. Schließlich herrscht hier immer noch die Bayrischen Bauordnung \(BayBO\) und entsprechend auch die Rauchmelderpflicht \(§ 46\).

Alternativ gehe ich einfach weiter arbeiten und zahle meine Steuern, damit die nette Dame sich weiterhin ihren laktosefreien, glutenfreien Kaffee leisten kann.  SCHLAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

/TIRADE AUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
19,"i've been thinking about this for a while and am pretty convinced that ian has no idea what to do with his channel aside from content cop. i feel like he's pretty tired and bored by the bad unboxings and wants to do something new but nothing he tries really works out. ""What's in the box"" was his first attempt at something more ""show like"" but he said in Critikals podcast that he couldn't quite get the pieces together. he also mentioned he wanted to do more acted and scripted content. i guess his new attempt is ""Don't Watch This"" but in my opinion it was the most cringy and unfunny shit ian ever put out.

i feel like he's looking to diversify his content but all attempts have been in vain. adding to that is that most of his viewers just want content cops and drama and don't care about his personality. i wouldn't be surprised if he really really disliked his audience.

so, aside from content cops what content would you suggest ian should do? i think he should focus more on the vlogging type stuff, maybe do videos with anisa or his highschool buddy he mentions sometimes and meetup with max more often. he's a naturally funny guy and good at improv. scripted content is the wrong direction, i think."
20,"I’m an artist and producer. I just released my 6th album, “Cinematic.” It’s all about the magic of life through my eyes, my stories, and the people I’ve met. I’m excited to answer your questions!

https://owlcity.ffm.to/cinematic

Proof: https://i.redd.it/8qtwd0iul2011.jpg"
21,Because the joke is relevant today with the CELEBRATION of the ban.
22,"EDIT: Title should read 'More than 100 Years' not 'More than 200 Years'

Sorry"
23,"I am not sure this is malicious compliance or not, but it was one of my finer moments and I feel the need to share it! Some five or six years ago...

My wife’s grandmother passed and left us her home in her will. The house was rather large, but had been built some time in the 1960s and needed updating. We decided to basically gut the home and do a full remodel. 

First thing was to talk to my insurance guy and see what I needed to do with the insurance. He comes out and explains that I need to do a fire policy, which basically will replace the structure in the event of a major catastrophe. Cool, insurance in place I start remodeling. 

Fast forward seven or eight months and I am done, and so bone tired and mad at the world that my reflection in the mirror tried to avoid me. I was working a rotating shift (days, evenings, midnights) and spending every waking moment working on this house. Five hours a day/night was the most sleep I was getting. I would snap at the wind for blowing I was so strung out. Que the insurance guy and his antics...

While I was sleeping after working midnight shift, my wife has IG (insurance guy) come to look at the house and change the policy back to full coverage. When I wake up for my next shift, she informs me that we have to put a new roof on before he can change the policy. I almost came unglued. I had ripped the ceilings out of this house, so if there had been a roof leak, I am pretty sure I would have found it. Luckily this was Friday evening, so I had the entire weekend to calm down and plot my next move. 

I called first thing  Monday morning and set up an appointment for 8 a.m. Tuesday at the house, and explained to him I was on midnights and to please make sure he was there by 8 a.m. No particular reason, I just hoped it would discomfort him having to be somewhere else that early in the morning (a dick move mostly). Tuesday morning rolls around, and he shows up with his boss. At first this threw me off, but I figure what the hell, two birds, one rock and stuff. 

Me: IG, hows it going?

IG: Pretty good, how are you?

Me: Tired. How bout you show me exactly what is wrong with this roof so we can get going?

IG: Sure thing, step right over here. You see that shingle?

Me: Ya.

IG: See how bad a shape it’s in?

Me: Sure do! (thinking to myself, “hell no, what the fuck are you looking at?”)

IG: And over there see that place?

Me: Yup, gotta bad spot or two there also!

IG: This roof has taken some serious storm damage, it is in rough shape!

We proceed all the way around the house with him pointing at random spots, as far as I could tell, and saying things like “That shingle is shot. Those too. Ya, and right here.” The whole time I just did like a chicken pecking and affirmed him with “Yup! You’re right” All the while his boss is saying nothing. 

After he is finished pointing out all of these bad places,

IG: So see, you will have to replace that roof before we can cover it. 

Me: Your right, I had been so busy on the inside I hadn’t paid much attention. So, can you file the claim for me, or do I need to go talk to one of the ladies down at the office?

IG: CLAIM??!! What do you mean a claim!!???

Me: Well, best I can figure it was those bad storms back in April that did all this damage, and y’all were covering it through my GMIL’s policy, so I reckon y’all would be who I s’posed to talk to right? 
 
(I like turning the backwoods country accent up to 11 when dealing with people who think they are smarter than me, adds flavor to the humble pie for them)

IG: Well now, hold on. 

Me: Naw, you’re a hunnerd percent right. It’s took some serious storm damage, and we ain’t had none since that bout back in April. Now, I put the fire policy on in July, so any damage done woulda fell back on the old policy. 

IG: ......(standing there sucking air like it’s gonna run out)

IG’s boss: He’s right. And since they have a year to file that claim, we will have to do it. Get the paperwork started and let me know if you need help.



I am no roof expert, the roof could have been shot all to hell for all I know. It looked good, and didn’t leak. After I explained to the adjuster what the whole deal was about, he found enough other stuff wrong so that I wasn’t out one nickel on an entire new roof!

TLDR: Insurance guy decided to be a jack wagon for some reason, and I got a free roof out of the deal!


Edit: A few points to help clear things up some. 

My wife was executor of the estate, and had a POA for the deceased. 

I referenced the storms in April because that year there were multiple bad hail storms that came through. Car dealerships lost entire inventories from these storms. It was an insurance nightmare all year long, which was why nothing was really questioned. The rest of that year was fairly calm weather wise, so it was most likely the event that “destroyed” the roof. 

The roof was about 5 years old give or take. Wear and tear wasn’t a concern, and the insurance company had held the policy on the house since forever and were familiar with it. 

IG was wanting me to pay for the roof out of my pocket. If this had been pointed out in July when I had the policy changed originally it would not have irritated me as much. After spending the entire summer and fall working on the house and him popping up with “Oh yeah by the way”, yes it rubbed me the wrong way. 

I am a hick, bumpkin, and some of the other names mentioned. I love that people automatically shave 30 points off of my IQ for talking the way I do (insert jokes about my now negative IQ here please). It gives me a distinct advantage when someone does this. Yes I play it up for my own amusement/benefit. It is no different than a woman using her looks, a policeman using his badge, or any of the other advantages people use daily. 

I do not type in my southern accent all the time because it isn’t easy. It’s almost like making a language up as you go, and if it is that hard for me to type, I can only imagine what someone who is unfamiliar with the vernacular would go through reading it. I would imagine there would be migraines and brain scans involved before they got to the end of the post. 

"
24,"Hi Gang,

[I'm off to Twickenham tomorrow and as it's the Seven's I'm going in fancy dress. I thought I'd incorporate my fancy dress with our regular weekly Naked Mod thread.](https://imgur.com/a/C04SdaD)

I've marked as NSFW because you can see a bit of my cock.

If anyone else is going say hello if you see me. Our likely route is King's Cross &gt; Hammersmith &gt; Richmond &gt; Twickenham. We're in block M33."
25,"1/11/17: [Erik Prince met with Kirill Dmitriev](https://www.vox.com/2018/3/10/17097692/seychelles-erik-prince-congress-mueller), a Russian wealth fund manager with ties to President Vladimir Putin in the Seychelles. Sources claimed the meeting’s purpose was to establish a back channel between the Trump team and Russian officials. 

Around the same time, Richard Gerson -- a hedge fund manager and friend of Jared Kushner -- [met with UAE royal Prince Mohammed in the Seychelles](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/all/jared-kushner-close-friend-rick-gerson-now-under-scrutiny-mueller-n876361?cid=sm_npd_nn_tw_ma), and communicated with a Lebanese-American businessman with close ties to the UAE, [George Nader](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/3/28/17165410/george-nader-trump-mueller-immunity-russia), who had organized the Erik Prince meeting"
26,"Hi Reddit! 

In honor of the 50th anniversary of Steven Weinberg’s world-changing publication, A Model of Leptons, the work that solidified what we now call “The Standard Model of Physics”, Case Western Reserve University is hosting a once-in-lifetime symposium this weekend that features talks from many of the most famous names in physics… including 8 Nobelists and over 20 scientists who have made immeasurable contributions to the “the most successful theory known to humankind.” We’re here to honor this world-changing scientific work, but perhaps most important of all, look to the next 50 years of probing the deepest mysteries of the Universe… what incredible wonders might be out there waiting to be discovered? Are we on the verge of solving the great mysteries of Dark Matter and Dark Energy? Will we soon know exactly what happened in the very first moments of our Universe’s birth? And… could a working theory of Quantum Gravity finally be within reach?

Proof: https://imgur.com/gallery/53dpRyU

The talks will be live-streamed all weekend long [here]( 
https://case.edu/livestream/s1/):
Science Writer-Filmmaker /u/TonyLund will be hanging out in the live stream chat box to translate the science in real time. 

But before we all get to work, we wanted to spend some time with you all! Ask us anything!

Live AMA participants:

* **Glenn Starkman — Theoretical Physicist**  
Conference Organizer.  
Distinguished Professor of Physics (Case Western Reserve University).  
Director of the Institute for the Science of Origins.  
Director of Center for Education and Research in Cosmology and Astrophysics.  
Research Questions: *What is the Topology (“shape”) of the Universe? Could Dark Matter be made of quarks? If we produce miniature black holes in particle accelerators, how will we know?*   
http://origins.case.edu/about/director/. 

* **Jerome Friedman — Experimental Physicist**.  
**Winner of the 1990 Nobel Prize in Physics for the experimental discovery of Quarks.**  
Professor of Physics Emeritus (MIT)   
(Fmr.) Director of the Laboratory for Nuclear Science and Head of the MIT Physics Department.  
Research Focus: *Particle structure and interaction. High Energy physics.   
http://web.mit.edu/physics/people/faculty/friedman_jerome.html.*  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerome_Isaac_Friedman  

* **George F. Smoot III — Astrophysicist**.   
**Winner of the 2006 Nobel Prize in Physics for the discovery of anisotropy in the Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation**  
Professor (Berkeley Center for Cosmological Physics)  
Senior scientist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory  
Guest Star on The Big Bang Theory / Idol of Dr. Shelden Cooper  
Research Focus: *Using the Cosmic Background Radiation o understand the structure and history of the Universe. Are we living in a simulation?*   
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Smoot  

* **Jon Butterworth — Experimental Physicist**  
Professor of Physics at University College London (UCL)  
Author of Smashing Physics  
Project Leader of the ATLAS “Standard Model Group"" at the LHC at CERN  
Pioneered the first measurements of “Hadronic Jets”  
Winner of the Royal Society Wolfson Research Merit Award  
Winner of the Chadwick Medal  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jon_Butterworth  

* **Helen Quinn — Particle Physicist**
Professor Emeritus of Particle Physics and Astrophysics  
SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (Stanford University)  
Founder of ""Peccei-Quinn theory""   
Current Focus: *Science education*  
Winner of the Dirac Medal, the Klein Medal, Sakuri Prize, the Compton Medal, and the Benjamin Franklin Medal.  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helen_Quinn  

* **Bob Brown — Industrial Physicist**  
Distinguished University Professor and Institute Professor (Case Western Reserve University)  
Leading pioneer of MRI, CT, PET, and medical radiation technology  
Incubated multiple research projects into full-scale technology companies  
Co-author of 10 patents.   
Research questions: *How can new discoveries in particle physics be utilized to vastly improve health, the environment, and industry?*  
http://physics.case.edu/faculty/robert-brown/  

* **Mary K. Gaillard — Theoretical Physicist**  
Professor Emeritus of Physics (UC Berkeley)  
Pioneer of the ground-breaking discovery of the strong interaction corrections to weak transitions.   
Successfully predicted the mass of the charmed quark.  
Successfully predicted 3-jet events in high energy particle accelerators.  
Successfully predicted the mass of the b-quark.  
Made history as UC Berkely’s first female physicist to receive tenure.  
Research questions: *What are the fundamental building blocks of the Universe? Why do tiny particles behave so strangely? What are the exact rules the govern the mysterious tiny particles inside atoms?*  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_K._Gaillard  

* **Mark Wise — Theoretical Physicist**  
Jon A. McCone Professor of High Energy Physics (CalTech)   
Discoverer of Heavy Quark Symmetry   
Winner of the 2001 Sakuri Prize   
Successfully predicted the decays of c and b flavored hadrons   
Science consultant to Marvel Studio's Iron Man 2   
Research Questions: *How do quarks interact with other particles? How can cutting edge mathematics be used to make predictive models of financial markets and risk?*   
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_B._Wise   

* **BJ Bjorken — Theoretical Physicist**  
Professor Emeritus at the SLAC National Laboratory (Stanford University)   
Discoverer of “Bjorken Scaling” which successfully predicted quarks as physical objects.  
Winner of the Dirac Medal   
Winner of the Wolf Prize  
Winner of the EPS High Energy Physics Prize  
Author of the seminal Relativistic Quantum Fields and Relativistic Quantum Mechanics  
Research Questions: *What are quarks?*  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Bjorken  

* **Corbin Covault — Experimental Astrophysicist**  
Professor (Case Western Reserve University)   
Pioneer of ground-based observational techniques to study high-energy cosmic radiation  
Research questions: *What are the physics of the strange high-energy cosmic rays coming from deep space, and where do they come from? Do they pose a threat to life on Earth?*  
http://physics.case.edu/faculty/corbin-covault/  

* **Harsh Mathur — Theoretical Physicist**  
Professor (Case Western Reserve University)   
Leading researcher of quantum manybody physics, Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology.  
Expert on deep mathematics inherent in modern art  
Expert on the statistical physics inherent to evolution of human language  
http://physics.case.edu/faculty/harsh-mathur/  

* **Pavel Fileviez Perez — Theoretical Physicist**  
Assistant Professor (Case Western Reserve University)   
Expert of physics theories beyond the standard model     
http://physics.case.edu/faculty/pavel-fileviez-perez/  

* **Kurt Hinterbichler — Theoretical Physicist**  
Assistant Professor (Case Western Reserve University)   
Expert on early Universe cosmology  
Expert on modified and alternative gravity theories  
http://physics.case.edu/faculty/kurt-hinterbichler/  

* **Norman Christ — Computational Physicist**  
Ephraim Gildor Professorship of Computational Theoretical Physics (Columbia University)  
Pioneer of the groundbreaking LatticeQCD approach to simulating strong interactions  
Winner of the Gordon Bell Prize  
Developmental leader of IBM’s QCDOC Super Computer project to achieve 10Tflops.   
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norman_Christ  

* **Benjamin Monreal — Experimental Physicist**  
Associate Professor (Case Western Reserve University)   
Expert Neutrino hunter  
Pioneer of cyclotron radiation electron spectroscopy  
Expert on next-generation neutrino detectors  
http://physics.case.edu/faculty/benjamin-monreal/  

* **Anthony Lund — Science Writer &amp; Filmmaker**  
Co-creator of “A Light in the Void” science symphony concert with composer Austin Wintory  
Writer-Director for “Through the Wormhole: With Morgan-Freeman”  
Co-Executive Producer of “National Geographic: Breakthrough”  

**UPDATE: thank you for all your great questions! we’re going to take a quick lunch break and get started with the talks! We’ll all be checking in throughout the weekend, so keep on posting your questions here. You can watch the science talks [here]( https://case.edu/livestream/s1/)**"
27,"Before Rome was, well Rome, the land of modern day Italy was home to a host of cultures, tribes and people. Greeks, Celts, Carthaginians, the mysterious Etruscans, the Aborigines and Sabines to name a few. Many of these people had rich cultural heritage, language and religious system. Then Rome began to expand as the kingdom and then later republic to dominate Italia.

My question is what happened to these pre-existing people? Were they and their cultures integrated or incorporated? Eradicated? Culturally replaced? Or did the people spreading across Italia e Sicilia hold a sense of identity beyond being a roman citizen?

tl;dr what happened to the pre- Roman people in Italy"
28,"https://www.nytimes.com/2018/06/01/business/economy/jobs-report.html?hp&amp;action=click&amp;pgtype=Homepage&amp;clickSource=story-heading&amp;module=first-column-region&amp;region=top-news&amp;WT.nav=top-news

Thoughts on the impact of the market moving forward/discussion/impact on wages or inflation?"
29,"Sure, like my son is going to marry someone twice his age..."
30,"**This is not a post to inform you of daily life on Station 11.** **We are** **posting this as a dire warning to the people of Earth, hopefully reaching those of you alive in mid to late 2000’s.** **If this cyber loop works and you are reading this,  we are warning you: do not leave Earth for life in the stars.**

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

I’ve been living on this station my whole life. When I was about 4, I was looking out the window of our cabin. I pointed at the orange and blue slathered ball in the distance and asked my mom, “What is it?”.

It was Earth. Yeah\- yikes, that’s what you have to look forward to. There wasn’t much left besides perhaps a few “post\-apocalyptic” groups doing their best to survive on the desert, sand, dust, and salt water. They won’t last much longer, if there are even any left at all. The rest of us are up here among 30 different stations.

My great, great grandparents scored a ride up here. Being an affluent and intelligent couple \(brain surgeon and NASA technician\), they were obvious candidates for one of the American stations in 2065, when this all began.

It wasn’t until 2082 that Earth started to become uninhabitable for the population and our station started filling up. They had all the numbers worked out though, cutting off the capacity with just enough space for the population to wax and wane at a constant rate. I still wonder what it must have felt like for those people who could not afford the trip and were left on Earth to suffer and die. However it was so long ago, it’s hard for me to relate. Especially when I’ve never seen Earth for myself.

It’s 2197 now, I’m 25, and I know this station like the back of my hand. Where to get any leftovers for those nights when your stomach won’t stop growling, the best hook\-up spots, where my friends and I hide the only deck of cards with ALL 52 cards. Our station head, President Anton Fowler, keeps things fairly strict. Punishable crimes mostly come from trying to pull a fast one over the authorities here. The only thing that would be punishable from my list above is stealing food. I’ve been sent to a week of solitude for stealing leftover stale bread one night when all they served for dinner was wrinkly beans and inedible hard, green bananas. At the time, our station farm wasn’t producing enough food at the rate it was supposed to. I shouldn’t complain about that though. Last year’s fall was the toughest. Weak harvest and at least 20 more births per month than they expected. I guess scientific population projections aren’t always consistent when there’s not much more to do than have sex on this station. I heard the Chinese stations have 10 more basketball courts than us, a swimming pool, and music rooms. Who knows if that’s true. Maybe if we had more basketball courts people would stop having babies. Seems legit.

However, yesterday morning is the start of when everything spiraled out of control.

“Yoooo girl, I didn’t think I’d run into you down here,” Celeste called to me. She’s not wrong, I don’t typically venture down to the library. But I was looking for a poetry book my hook\-up buddy, Jack, suggested I read. He’s one of those literary types: glasses, messy hair, always lost in thought. I knew that if I wanted to keep him somewhat interested in me I had to show some interest in this hipster shit. I’m not really into emotions or poetry, but whatever. Girls gotta get laid.

Celeste bounded over with an intense and heavy looking physics book under her arm.

“Do people still really say “yo”, Celeste?” I replied irritably. I mean god, I know I didn’t do stellar in secondary school but I’m allowed to be in the freakin’ library. “You’re aging yourself, you know.” I added lightly.

She rolled her eyes. “Whatever dude, I’m old school and guys love a girl who uses *vintage* terms and knows who Kendrick Lamar is.  Speaking of dudes.. I wonder who suggested THAT book to you.” She pointed at ‘Leaves of Grass’ in my grasp. We began walking toward the exit of the library.

I tried and failed to stifle a laugh. I’m just really not the poetry type, I can’t emphasize that enough.

“Yeah, well I have to keep him interested. There’s only so many good looking dudes on this station. Maybe I need to apply for abroad, just so I can meet a man. Do you think if I tell them I need to get dick they’ll let me head over to Station 7?” This had Celeste dying. No one goes abroad to other stations except the President and other higher level employees every so often.

“Doubtful, but you’re right he is good looking. When are you seeing him again?” She pried.

“Later today. I’ve got to read some of this thing before we meet up. I told him I was checking it out a week ago.” Uhg… dating definitely isn’t worth it.

“Jesus Tara, wait till the last minute why don’t you?” She teased, pretending to be shocked.

I shrugged. “You know me, always gotta be on a short deadline.”

“Yeah, well hopefully you can read fast. I’ve got to catch up on some of this shit myself,” she wiggled her book in the air. “My boss asked me if I had read the latest edition, the one the Russians on Station 2 corrected. Damn Russians, they’re supposed to make my job easier, not harder.” Celeste worked in the technology department. I’m not even entirely sure what her job is there, but yeah, she’s smart,

“Ha, well good luck with that. I wouldn’t want to be you right now.” Just looking at the physics book she held made me bored.  You’d think by 25 I’d know what I wanted to do with my pathetic space station life, but alas. I gave Celeste side\-hug as we parted and took opposite ways at the fork in the hallway.

I spent the majority of the late morning and early afternoon trying to decipher whatever the hell Walt Whitman was trying to get across to me. Once again, I found myself wondering if this was really worth it and also wondering if I was just a super desperate chick. I didn’t have much else to do on my day off though. But man, Walt Whitman could write, and by that, I mean he could write a lot. This book was fucking long. I got distracted about 8 times before I gave the book a real try and started with what I knew was one of his more famous poems. Half an hour of reading went by...

*All goes onward and outward, nothing collapses,*

*And to die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier.*

*Has any one supposed it lucky to be born?*

*I hasten to inform him or her it is just as lucky to die, and I*

*know it.*

*I know it.*

*I know it.*

*I know it.*

*I know….*

I’m walking through fields of green. What is this stuff? It’s so green, I’ve never seen something so vibrant on the station. It’s so soft, too! I decide to lay down. I can feel the prickly, soft greenery between my fingers. Then I hear something mechanical, growing louder and louder. Suddenly, I’m tossed into the air as the comforting material under me is ripped forcefully from the ground by god knows what. I fall hard onto metal and all of the color is gone.

*All goes onward and outward, nothing collapses, And to die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier!!!*

What the hell, who is screaming these words? I look up and see Celeste screaming about 50 feet away from me. Blood is dripping from her nose. I try to get up but my legs are heavy. Why can’t I fucking run!? Or scream!? Or open my eyes? *Open your eyes, Tara.*

I slowly woke up. My heart pounding, I glanced around my dim room.

“Uhhhhhhhhhhhh….” I breathed, judging myself for once again for having the most screwed up dreams. This is why I don’t read. My brain reads one thing and my imagination and anxiety run with it, every time.

I looked over at my clock and read *17:00.*

“SHIT!”. I stumbled to the sink to brush my teeth and fix my slumping ponytail. I was supposed to meet Jack in one of the abandoned labs a half\-hour ago. All of that reading for him and I oversleep, just my luck.

I scrambled out of my cabin into the empty corridor. Fumbling my keys while pulling my sweater over my head, I rushed down the hall. It’s about a 20 minute walk to the abandoned lab. My mind was so occupied over the thought of being late to meet Jack, I almost didn’t notice that I was the only one walking the corridors. This wouldn’t be unusual in the wing closer to my cabin, but I was close to the hub: the main section of station. Out of the silence, a voice boomed over the emergency speaker.

“LAST ANNOUNCEMENT: ALL STATION 11 CITIZENS TO THE HUB STADIUM. MANDATORY STATION 11 MEETING IN THE HUB STADIUM.”

Well, that explains it. They’ve called us to the stadium before. When the Russian station went up in flames 10 years ago, when we had the food shortage last year \(well, to be honest we always have a food shortage, but that was an exceptionally bad time\). I became slightly nervous as I hurried down to the stadium. Obviously, I had slept through the previous announcements. At this point I knew the stadium would be fairly full, so I went straight to the upper levels.

Everyone was sitting, waiting anxiously for President Fowler to address the crowd. I took a roomy seat near the exit, next to a man in his what I guessed to be his 60s. I closed my eyes for a moment. At least Jack won’t know I messed up and over slept. He always eyes me, I assume judging me, when he finds out more about my messy and irresponsible life. He has his shit together. I do not.

Five minutes pass, then ten. The crowd was becoming restless. The guy next to me sighed and  turned to me, “It’d be nice if our President could be on time for once...damn Fowler.” He grumbled.

I merely arched my eyebrows and gave him a look that I hoped showed exasperation. Old people are always so impatient. And honestly, I don’t pay much attention to politics.

As I turned away a crackle came over the speaker and a cool, mechanical female voice began speaking. The crowd quieted.

“Attention Station 11 citizens. Our station has a beautiful and fully functioning community that must be maintained. However, the size of our current population is pushing the boundaries of this perfectly planned society. We thank those of you in advance who will be making sacrifice for the greater good of Station 11.”

*Wait, whoa did they just say sacrifice?* I straightened up out of my slump and met eyes again with the man next to me. The crowd was completely silent\- not a murmur, not a breath. The cool, calm voice continued.

“We have planned and run time trials. The doors to this stadium will lock 4 minutes after this announcement ends. Our flawless procedure will leave 40&amp;#37; of you remaining in this stadium after the doors lock. Further instructions from there. The 60&amp;#37; of you who make it out will continue life on Station 11. Proceed.”

*What...the fuck?* With a click, the speaker went off. Confusion followed.

It’s a blur trying to remember what happened. A blur of pure panic, yelling, and stampeding. I stood up slowly feeling like I was in a daze. The man next me yelled “WHAT are you doing? GO!” and gave me a hard shove.

I was close to the exit so I made it out of the stadium in about 20 seconds. Across the hall outside of the stadium was one of my childhood hiding spots. A crook in the wall where a water fountain used to be. We would hide the good board games behind the drywall they placed over the old pipes when we were kids. I wedged myself in the crawl space to avoid the stampeding crowd that was sure to be right behind me.

As I watched the panicked crowd running, I felt my chest constrict. My eyes started burning. My mouth felt dry. Was this real? Was this happening? I shook my head to try and wake myself from another one of my fucked up nightmares. But I was still there, hiding in my crook.

3 loud beeps and the doors started to shut. The crowd remaining in the stadium was scrambling, pressed up against the door windows. Their faces didn’t even look human at this point from the amount of sheer terror, revealing their most primal instincts.

I immediately sprinted to the doors and made a weak attempt to pry them open. No luck. I looked down and there was blood dripping down the door frame. Fingers. Someone’s fingers were on the floor. Cut clean off by the force of the doors shutting, stopping for no one.

*No no no.* And my head is spinning.

There are others around me who made it out trying to force the doors open. Others standing off to the side, dumbstruck, trying to comprehend the events that happened in the last five minutes. 20 minutes of our pitiful attempts to open the doors until the voice came on over the speaker throughout the entire station. Collected and cold.

“Citizens of the 60&amp;#37;. Discontinue attempts to open the doors. They are feeble and will not bring desired results.  Return to your cabin and continue your daily routines.”

People were in tears, yelling loved ones names, scrambling to find friends or still trying to yank the doors open. Hours passed and the crowd dispersed, but only slightly. Most of us in the 60&amp;#37; made camp. We used jackets to lay on the ground in the corridors and waited to see what sacrifice the 40&amp;#37; will be asked to make, still hoping and praying that this was all an experiment. A test of some kind that will end shortly.

I don’t remember falling asleep but it must not have been long. Movement woke me up. I opened my eyes to see people crowding the doors again. Someone nudged my right arm. A young girl, in her teens, looked at me through warm amber eyes.

“They said they are going to make another announcement to the 40&amp;#37;.”

She stuck out her hand, pulled me up. As we hurried over to the closest set of double doors, I over heard a defeated looking older man with glasses and tears sparkling in his eyes mumbling to another boy about my age.

""...saw them doin' a large transfer for abroad this morning. Sure to have been full of authorities to the main station...  cowards can't even stay to see through their plan...""

We reached the doors. There were about 15 of us semi\-circled around the area, waiting.

“Attention citizens of the 40&amp;#37;. You have made a great sacrifice for the future of Station 11 and the continuation of the human species. We will honor you for your contribution to our future. Our station has been slowly overpopulating for the last 4 decades. We hoped that the population would even out naturally, however the birth rate was increasing steadily. Because of this, we have devised this plan. A plan where 40&amp;#37; of you will give up your lives for others to live theirs. Those of you who are weaker, slower, smaller, potentially older and those who could not make it out of the stadium in the allotted time will be sent to the beyond. You are just as lucky as the 60&amp;#37; who will live, just as lucky as them to die for Station 11.”

I steadily looked around me. Horror was struck across faces. I touched my cheek because this really couldn’t be real, right? Inside the stadium the walls began to move. White, egg\-shaped capsules began to emerge from the walls. Rows and rows of them began to pour from the walls of the stadium.

“There is a pod for each of you. When you are ready to make the ultimate sacrifice, you will enter your pod, close the lid, lay down, and consume the pill in the case on the left wall of the pod. The pill will ease you into a deep sleep. The pod will then be sent into space and beyond. You will not wake and you will honor you for the rest of our time on Station 11.”

Screams could be heard from within the stadium. People banged on the windows on the double doors, tears streaming down their face, clawing to get out. The 60&amp;#37; yelled and pulled again. Screaming at the speakers. Cursing at and calling for President Fowler. I backed away slowly, feeling numb.

Behind me was a long hallway, so I turned and began walking. I started to jog and then run. I knew where I had to go, the library.

I burst through the double doors, tears blurring my eyesight, immediately bumping into something that knocked me backwards.

“TARA!” It was Celeste. We both were on the floor, knocked over from the force of the collision. I rolled over and held Celeste, tears running down my face and my hands balled up into fists. I was shaking so hard I couldn’t even open my fingers. The only feeling left in my body was a muted pins and needles sensation in my finger tips.

“Tara…. Ta\- Tara!” I focused on Celeste's face as she pulled me up into a sitting position. “I came straight here. I knew these fuckers would do something like this eventually. I’ve heard so many slimy officials talking about the way this station is over packed, run wild with people living off the authorities. I just didn’t know it would be this bad.”

I just stared at her. I couldn’t comprehend this situation, still feeling like I was in a dream. She jumped up and sat down at a computer, typing furiously.

“A couple of us from my department have been working on creating an cyber loophole, one that transmits messages to the past. We figured one day it could be useful. We need to send a warning that our station is doing this. From the research I’ve done, I believe it will transmit the message sometime in the mid 2000s, it should post the message to a forum of some kind... hopefully one that is frequently viewed. If we get through it could alter the present. We could save lives, Tara.”

“If we change the past what will change in the present?” I stuttered, realization dawning on me. and the feeling of dread gnawing my stomach.

Celeste slowly blinked up from the computer screen and looked into my eyes.

“Everything. Everything might change.”

**This may alter millions of lives, but at least it can disrupt the possibility of a horrific future. We don’t know how you all in the past can change it, but had to warn you either way. Do not leave Earth.**"
31,"Hi players,

&amp;nbsp;

This is a follow-up to our recent dev letter - Addressing Player Concerns.

&amp;nbsp;

We’ve received a lot of feedback from players that you’d like us to be more frequent and transparent with our communication. We’ve heard you loud and clear!

&amp;nbsp;

That’s why today, we want to expand upon that post and share more detailed information regarding current issues, their status, and what we’re doing to get them resolved.

&amp;nbsp;

This is going to be a long read, we’ve got a lot of information to share.

&amp;nbsp;

Our dev team has expanded, and continues to expand in real-time, which will accelerate the rate of development. This hasn’t happened overnight and we’ll continue to expand our dev team over time.

&amp;nbsp;

We’ll continue working to improve the game as fast as possible.

&amp;nbsp;

With that said, let’s get started!

&amp;nbsp;

**Patch ETA**

The next patch is planned to release on June 5th. We may push this patch out earlier. If a critical issue arises, we may delay the update. We haven’t generally given specific dates until we’re completely confident with them, leading to a lot of frustration. Please understand that we want to share important dates as soon as possible, but we also don’t want to disappoint you by giving you a date which may change.

&amp;nbsp;

**Patch Info**

The next patch, currently planned for June 5th, will include fixes for GameHub stats not updating, as well as a fix for a common cause of crashing. We’ll also be implementing improvements to Elastic Accuracy Control for Characters (EACC), a system we recently introduced to reduce crashing and lag in heavily populated areas. We’ll detail EACC more later on in this post. There will also be improvements to our Prediction-based level streaming (PBLS) system, which we’ll also elaborate on.

&amp;nbsp;

There are many issues that need to be fixed in regard to performance, stability and gameplay. Some will take more time than others. We’re working hard to address all issues that can negatively affect your gameplay experience, as quickly as possible.

&amp;nbsp;

We’ll share more information about what will be included in the next patch as we get closer to its release.

&amp;nbsp;

**Now, we will detail some of the most important, and common player concerns.**

&amp;nbsp;

**Stability (Crashing / Dashboarding)**

There are various reasons crashes can occur and we are working hard on fixing them all. Until the most recent patch, the instances of crashes experienced by players was decreasing each time we patched the game.

&amp;nbsp;

The recent patch has increased instances of crashing for many players.  This is unacceptable.

&amp;nbsp;

We’re currently working on fixing the two most common causes of crashing, with the first being fixed in the next patch:

&amp;nbsp;

1. We introduced some back-end changes to prepare for an upcoming feature and in some cases, the game would try to interact with this unfinished feature, causing the game to crash.
 
2. A crash is occurring in relation to caching memory, which is used to improve performance. We’ve been actively addressing this issue since December, steadily reducing the instances of crashes related to this each patch. We are focusing on resolving this problem entirely by the end of June.

&amp;nbsp;

As players have noticed, crashes and lag happen more often in highly populated areas.To combat this, on top of our standard ongoing performance and stability work, we recently introduced a system designed specifically to improve performance and reduce crashes in highly populated areas.

&amp;nbsp;

Previously, we handled character resources in full for everyone that was near the player, within a 1km radius. This was causing lag/FPS drops and crashes at the early stages of the game after landing, as too many resources were being handled all at once, in populated areas. We have been working on introducing a dynamic system for these specific situations and have implemented a system called “Elastic Accuracy Control for Character, or EACC. Each resource was refreshed at a constant rate within 1km radius of your player. When characters were picking up items, changing clothes etc, this was causing all items within the 1km radius to be refreshed.

&amp;nbsp;

We made this system dynamic with EACC. It will now work depending on many factors, mainly distance. It will handle resources (refresh resources faster or slower) depending on those factors.

&amp;nbsp;

Much like PBLS, with each patch, EACC will become more effective at improving performance and in turn reducing crashes, as we gather more data each patch cycle and our engineers implement improvements based on the analysis of that data.

&amp;nbsp;

**Map Selection**

Map selection is still in development, we’ve still got some further work to do and we’ll get this out to you as soon as possible.

&amp;nbsp;

**World Rendering (Loading)**

The rendering (loading) process is different in each match, for each player, in each location. We need to find the best process to load resources in all scenarios, for every player. As mentioned in our previous dev letter, we’re using a system called prediction-based level streaming (PBLS) to speed up the rendering process. Our engineers are adjusting and optimizing this system every patch, based on data accumulated during that patch cycle.

&amp;nbsp;

PBLS is used specifically when parachuting, as it uses a lot of resources which can cause lower FPS for players. We use a different non-prediction-based level streaming system while on the ground, as it is more efficient.

&amp;nbsp;

When parachuting and falling through the air, a lot more resources have to be loaded than when you’re moving in on the ground. Imagine a chessboard as our map, with each square representing a square on our map. Your character occupies a square on that chessboard while on the ground and the game will load three squares in front of you (in a T shape), as your movement is somewhat predictable—we know where you’re going.

&amp;nbsp;

This is much different when in the air, parachuting. When you’re parachuting and falling towards the ground, everything around you has to be loaded, because we can’t predict where you will go. Instead of having to only load three squares in front of you, an area of 3x3 squares around you will have to be loaded. With PBLS, this system intuitively decides where in that 3x3 area to load first, to improve rendering times in the area where you’re going to land.

&amp;nbsp;

As you all know, there are often problems with rendering happening too slowly when driving vehicles, where buildings can suddenly appear in front of you, or you can get stuck inside a building which didn’t appear to be there previously. We have a level streaming system (separate from our prediction-based system) which is used while on the ground specifically, this system will load resources that you’re heading towards and instantly dump resources far behind you to improve performance. When travelling at high speeds, rendering can often not happen quickly enough, and we’re working to improve this system.

&amp;nbsp;

We’ll be making adjustments to level-streaming, further taking into account vehicle speed to improve the process of rendering resources you want to see and dumping those that are no longer needed.

&amp;nbsp;

For both our predictive and regular level-streaming systems, our engineers will be making improvements each patch to improve their efficiency and improve rendering times, after analyzing data from the patch cycle.

&amp;nbsp;

**Server Performance**

At the start of each match, the server is under the most stress due to having to keep track of 100 players all at once. We’ve recently applied some network improvements to the PC servers to help alleviate some early game load and we’re working to push these optimizations to Xbox as soon as possible, once they’re proven to be stable.

&amp;nbsp;

We’re constantly working on improving server performance, this is an ongoing process.

&amp;nbsp;

**Vehicles**

There are many bumps and sharp terrain geometry around the maps which can cause vehicles to explode in situations you wouldn’t expect and this is, obviously, extremely frustrating. We’re working to smooth out the terrain on all maps and reduce instances of these frustrating situations.

&amp;nbsp;

We expect to push some of these improvements later in June.

&amp;nbsp;

**Other important issues we’re investigating**     


This list doesn’t include all issues we’re investigating, but these are some of issues being discussed the most:

&amp;nbsp;

1. Player teleports to a different location after vaulting
2. Match not ending, as the game believes another player is still alive, even though you cannot see anyone else in the final circle
3. Vehicles flipping or exploding for seemingly no reason
4. GameHub stats not updating - This will be fixed in the next patch. All of these stats have been tracked since the May update, but just haven’t yet been reflected in the GameHub. GameHub stats will not be restored instantly, but over time. Once the patch goes live, we’ll keep you updated through the process.

&amp;nbsp;

While we work to fix these bugs, optimization and stability are still our top priorities. We have different teams who work on different aspects of development, based on their skill sets and experience.

&amp;nbsp;

We will continue to address bugs, while improving performance and stability.

&amp;nbsp;

----

&amp;nbsp;

Hopefully this post has answered your questions and addressed concerns you may have.

&amp;nbsp;

If you have any other questions that we haven’t yet answered, please leave a comment and Hawkinz or myself will do our best to provide an answer.

&amp;nbsp;

We again want to take this opportunity to apologize for our lack of communication and delay in addressing key community concerns.

&amp;nbsp;

We’re actively working to improve our communication with the community and provide updates as often as possible.

&amp;nbsp;

Thanks,

PUBG Xbox Team"
32,"**Chapter 906: ""The Holy Land Mary Geoise""**

**Source** | **Status**
:-----|:-----|:-----
[JaiminisBox](https://jaiminisbox.com/reader/read/one-piece-2/en/0/906/page/1) | [](/tick)

***

**[Ch. 906 Official Release (VIZ):](http://vizmanga.com/)** 04/06/2018

**Ch. 907 Scan Release:** 07/06/2018

---

##Please discuss the manga here and in the theory/discussion post. Any other post will be removed during the next 24 hours.

---

**PS:** Don't forget to check out the official Discord: https://discord.gg/onepiece"
33,"Recently I’ve begun to notice an alarming trend. The rise of the male hamster. A little rodent that runs around chewing away at any rationale, and shits out little excuses as to why things aren’t going the way you want.

Females get away with not holding themselves to a particular standard, because they don’t have to, their biology doesn’t dictate it. It’s often not directly linked to their success in the sexual market. A women can fail at almost anything and blame pretty much everyone and everything for it, but, because she has a great pair of tits and her ass is borderline splitting her jeans, she’s absolved. She remains at the top of her sexual Hierarchy. 

Men on the other hand do not escape with such a privilege. A man’s place in the Sexual hierarchy is directly linked to his successes and failures. His status matters. What he has to offer matters. The male hamster becomes a really dangerous little fucker when men start holding themselves to a feminine standard. When they start spawning every excuse in the book to justify their failures.  

Im going to tell you **A tale of 3 friends**:

**Friend 1** - Friend one is a great looking guy, he’s well built, has a decent paying job, lives in a nice apartment. You’d say he’s in the top 1% of mate selection, here’s the catch, he hardly ever gets a whiff of pussy. And when he does he settles for Moby Dicks little cousin. One could call him Captain Ahab. He claims his struggles with women are because he’s not wealthy, not a male model, Isn’t a famous IG celebrity.

**Friend 2** – Friend two is a bit different. He’s an overweight middle aged man, face like a pug, if you saw him in the street you’d probably expect him to collect your garbage. Friend two, however, needs a pair of armbands when he goes out, because he quite literally drowns in it. He came from a poor background but is now very wealthy, and a well-known member of society, He’s built up an events company from scratch in his younger years that brings down some of the biggest names in electronic music.

**Friend 3** - Friend three is the one I find most interesting. He’s very similar to friend one, good looking, well built, earns less than no.1, but is improving every year, He stays in a shittier apartment. Friend 3 is charming, could sell ice to eskimos, and is driven, he’s constantly improving, I believe in a few years’ time he will be very successful. Friend 3 takes home girls like a Hugh Hefner slumber party. He’s plated multiple models, and could take a fresh cut of fillet home every week if he so desired.

Now you’re probably wondering what the difference between these fellows is apart from the obvious, and I’ll drop you a hint, **2 of them own their shit**, make the most of their situation, and one of them sits around all day pissing into the wind about every reason why he’s not where he wants to be.

You have two options in life, you can be a log in the ocean getting crashed around, merciless to the tides around you. Blame your finances, or genetics, or the fact that your mom never packed lunch for you. Or you can build a boat, use the tools at your disposal to build a highly functional, bad ass machine. Then you can plot your journey, navigate the seas and the weathers to get wherever the fuck you want to be.
"
34,"There’s someone at my work that’s extremely overweight to the point of walking with a cane and having procedures done on her joints. She has a 2 year old son and she can barely handle just walking near him. She also has a gluten issue and thinks that because of it, she’s already avoiding most carbs and doesn’t need to diet. Fat is a “genetic” thing for her. 

I’ve lost 30+ pounds since February 1st and she noticed a month or so ago. She asked what I was doing, and I told her about CICO. She told me I looked great, but that she’d “starve” on that diet because she avoids gluten all day. I’m really non-confrontational so I just thanked her and moved on. 

Fast forward to two weeks ago and she noticed that I had a donut AND a bagel at work (lol it was great). She said “Aren’t you on a low calorie thing? How can you eat that?” and I explained that I’m eating light veggies that evening to make room for it. I also took that moment to tell her how with a careful diet, I can eat 1000 calories over my minimum and still have weight loss (my TDEE is about 2300). She was kind of speechless. 

Then today, she comes to my desk and thanks me. She said I inspired her, she downloaded a calorie counting app, and lost TEN POUNDS! I was a little flustered when she told me but I cried on the way home. I’m so proud to have impacted her life and hopefully her son’s if she keeps it up.

However it is ALL thanks to this sub and /r/1200isplenty. You have given me tools to succeed and now that is trickling to others in my life, and their family members. Please give yourselves a pat on the back for me! Thank you forever for all of your positive contributions to this community ❤️❤️❤️ 

**UPDATE:** I asked her today if it would be ok for me to send her a list of low cal recipes, snacks, tips, and foods to avoid. She was ELATED. I will post what I give her later today! She also said she’s excellent at replacing gluten so if I sneak a few ingredients that have it, she can take care of it. 

I also want to say thanks again for all of your support. You guys are truly too sweet. "
35,"Bartender says ""Pal, if you want a punch you'll have to stand in line"" Guy looks around, but there is no punch line."
36,No.
37,"Hey guys, today I'm very happy to announce the Request Network for Shopify plugin is live.

You can view the full article and a full 'getting started' guide [here](https://medium.com/@adamdowson/request-network-for-shopify-is-here-92488ecb7bd).  📖

Reqify is a simple way to accept cryptocurrency payments on your Shopify store — all powered by the Request Network. Reqify has no setup fees, no monthly fees and no hidden costs. More information can be found at **https://reqify.io/**.

If you own a Shopify store please get in touch! I'm more than happy to get test environments setup, setting up the plugin for you and I'll cover any gas / REQ fees for testing too :) 

If you have any questions or recommendations feel free to drop me a DM or leave a comment below. Have a good weekend all."
38,"If you asked the average American how they feel about participating in the national anthem, I think your average person would say that they couldn't be bothered by it. All you do is stand when they ask you stand, take off your hat, place your hand over your heart, face the flag, and to keep doing it for another minute and a half.

Why? What exactly does our national anthem symbolize? ""Well it symbolizes freedom,"" some say. At the same time others will tell you that by participating in the anthem you are paying tribute to our troops, or to those who lost their lives defending our flag and its values. Some will say it's a culmination of the two and then a couple other things. And then there are the people who have no idea to what the hell the anthem is supposed to mean, and stand there out of mere social compliance. The last scenario is particularly concerning, because not only are there people blindly pledging their allegiance to ideals they're oblivious to, but some people do it simply to avoid being ostracized by the more radically patriotic members of our society. I find this particularly irritating.

The first issue, which I've already touched upon, is not everyone can definitively agree on what or what not the anthem represents. I'd argue that often times the anthem is a projection of an individual's own subjective opinion of what they believe it represents. Not every American looks through the same lens. Some people love America because of its opportunities, others for its values, its ideologies, its culture\-\-the list goes on. The fact that we all have our own reasons to why we love or even hate America means that standing \(or kneeling\) for the national anthem is going to bear different levels of significance for different people.

The second issue, which is the more important issue at hand, is that refusing to participate in the national anthem is seen as abhorrent, unpatriotic behavior. Some people go as far as saying that by not participating in the national anthem that you somehow hate America. Really? You're telling me that by not going through the mundane motions of the same old song\-and\-dance that I've done a thousand times, that I hate my own country? Maybe you could argue that I'm not a true patriot in the traditional sense, and probably that's true, but I'd argue that my right to choose whether or not I wish to participate in the anthem is the epitome of American values.

Whenever you think about America, the term 'freedom' probably comes to the forefront, but for me that isn't always the case. Often I feel our social and cultural atmosphere dictates a vast amount of our behaviors in ways we are unaware of, and in some cases\-\-like the one I'm trying to highlight\-\-can impede on our individual liberties. I shouldn't be harassed just because I don't want to participate in what feels like an out\-dated, almost cult\-like tradition. As a child going through primary school, it always seemed odd to me that I had to pledge my allegiance to a piece of fabric every single morning before class could even begin. It wasn't until around middle school that I had finally decided I was no longer going to participate in the strange ritual. I remember the first time a teacher of mine noticed me protesting the pledge. She stopped the entire class just to scold me and try to force me to participate. When I refused, I was immediately punished and given detention. The idea that I was being punished for not participating in the obsessive utterance of these words was ludicrous to me even as a twelve\-year\-old. In spite of this, my contentious behavior on the matter continued throughout my high school years, and along the entire way I was met with friction by my teachers enforcing me to participate. Now this behavior was admittedly partially due to my rebellious disposition at the time, but mostly the idea that I had to align myself to a certain set of values and then pledge my so\-called allegiance to said values felt inherently wrong to me.

Now this begs the question: Is there such a thing as 'forced\-patriotism', and does it inhibit our individual liberties? I think it does, but not it ways that are obvious. This idea of patriotism is imposed on us at such an early age, that we become indoctrinated into this artificial ideal, where we often go through the motions without truly thinking about why we do them. Now I'm not saying that if you participate in the national anthem to show your patriotism that you're some brain\-washed drone blindly adhering to an out\-dated tradition. If the national anthem has meaning to you, and participating in it brings you joy, then by all means do it \(Insert Shia LaBeouf here\). But don't insist that I adhere to an idea that I don't believe in, as that is the most un\-American thing you could do to a person."
39,"Long Time Reader, First Time Poster so here goes

&gt;The group of newcomers to DnD, including me playing 5e

&gt;Party consists of 2 elven rogues (One of which is me), an elven wizard played by a slightly more experienced player and a human fighter that we elves all bully. We are all around level 2 -3.

&gt;Sent to go clear a cave of kobolds

&gt;Despite having 2 rogues, we trigger a trap that alerts everybody of our presence.

&gt;Party bumbles into a group kobolds welding bottles full of dangerous liquids

&gt;We manage to make short of them regardless and wipe the group except one Kobold who our wizard managed to charm

&gt; The kobold turned out to have extremely helpful information, telling us of what opposition to expect, directions through the cave and locations of traps

&gt; We made our way to the room just outside where we knew the boss resided

&gt; That's when we had a crazy idea

&gt; Send the charmed kobold in and try to convince the boss to come out alone

DM chuckles and goes with it

&gt; Charmed Kobold enters the boss room and hear mutterings from the room beyond.

DM rolls a couple of times for the charmed Kobold (who has rather low charisma), and sighs audibly

&gt; Meanwhile the party all attempt to hide and prepare an ambush, 

&gt; Rogues obviously hide perfectly well, wizard manages to find a good hiding place and our token human with disadvantaged stealth rolls a 10

&gt; The kobold with the close-to-ending charmed status soon returns quickly followed by an intimidating kobold sorcerer, and no one else.

DM nows rolls for the sorcerer's perception, clearly expecting to spot our clumsy human. This time he sighs and facepalms

&gt; Sorcerer does not notice anything amiss before we all spring our trap

&gt; Less than a round of sneak attacks later both kobolds are dead before they could even react






"
40,13 people died that day and 4 more hospitalised. God rest their souls.
41,Yoooo! Just heard J.K Rowling started writing the script for Fantastic beasts 3! I am so excited. For anyone that doesn't know the movie is coming out in 2020 I'm pretty sure. Also Hyped for Fantastic beasts 2 which is coming out this year!!
42,"Like many of you, I was extremely disappointed with ""The Economy Post"". After 3 weeks of anticipation I was expecting solutions, not a post echoing many of our concerns.

However; after reading all of Chris Cao's responses I feel a lot better about it (he said many of our concerns are being worked on), so I have curated the responses here for easy reading. I may have missed some, so you can get the [original sources, context, and latest posts here](https://mtgarena.community.gl/forums/devTracker).

\*\*\*

*1\) First off, thanks for all the feedback so far. It probably sounds weird to hear me say that so often. Or maybe it comes off too PR\-ish. But I say it because it's my core value as a dev: be fueled by feedback.*

*Second, I agree the original post is way too long \(we're changing how we do this going forward\). And, I can see how it didn't satisfy some core elements of our conversation.*

*So let me write some more text \(😁\) in the hopes I can share what underlies all of this.*

*On the window of my office is a big sign that says, 'We are the players who change the game.' There's a lot of ways to read that. We're literally the players who make changes to the game. We're the players who are always looking for ways to improve the game. We're the players who are offering a whole new way to view and experience MTG. We are the players who are responsible for balancing change.*

*The most important part of the sign is that we are players, first and foremost. So, as a player, let me tell you my story of play:*

*No one at Wizards gets free stuff in MTG Arena. We play for it or we pay for it with our own money. We do this because we can't stay close to what our audience is experiencing without experiencing it ourselves. We recognize our bias as devs, but we want our experience to match yours as much as possible.*

*My account was wiped and I started playing purely FTP.*

*Immediately, I felt the angst of not knowing when I'd get my next WC as did a lot of people on the team. A lot of you felt this more acutely. We have a big change to the Vault coming in July to address this.*

*I played a bunch the first day, got my 3 packs, and felt pretty good.*

*When I played the next day without the packs, I felt like 4 wins and then no rewards sucked. I wanted to play more and the game was telling me to stop. I knew we still wanted to balance the time FTP had to play to get max value, but this felt too short. We have a change for this in June.*

*I played a bunch of Quick Constructed and it felt better than just the ladder. My opponents were playing for stakes, and it made better games. I was playing for stakes and it made me up my game.*

*I started saving for the first draft. The timer was maddening because it told me how far away draft was, not how close it was. We're changing how we present things in June. It's a small change, but it's an improvement.*

*Friday morning, I jumped into draft the first minute is was open. And I went 0 and 3. It was over in 20 minutes, including the draft. Clearly, I suck at draft. It wasn't fun for me. But, from the participation and feedback, it was also clear a lot of people loved it and we got a lot of feedback about pricing/rewards/AI picks. We learned.*

*I went back to my FTP for about another week, earning packs and ICR's. The WC angst stuck with me, and I knew we had to make bigger changes to the WC system overall.*

*I decided to spend $100 on gems and get the other end of the experience. It was a lot of fun to open packs 10 at a time and see my Vault fill\-up. I didn't have WC angst. I net decked a G/R Monsters deck for about $70 plus the FTP cards I'd earned. I had leftovers. But my experience with FTP told me we had to bring more to the free play end of the spectrum.*

*I played Quick Constructed and had a lot of fun. It became my primary mode. But, it was clear from your feedback and our play we needed an experience that matched folks based on general deck strength rather than just win rate. We're doing that for July.*

*I've played mostly Quick Constructed ever since, bouncing to the ladder to play Rat Colony, Explore, and Knight decks for fun and to get my daily value. But, the 4 wins thing still felt bad.*

*My vault got to 80\% or so, and I decided to spend another $20 on packs to pop it and get the WC's I wanted. It felt good, but, others on the team who were just playing FTP \(and a lot of you\) said it was, 1\) the only sure way to get WC's, and 2\) too far away. We're changing that for July.*

*I've been playing since then with a variety of decks, getting better \(I think\), and enjoying playing with all of you. Many times I played, I wished we could get some of the key July changes in for June because of what they bring.*

*I've shared this because I think it can help the conversation. We're playing, we're reading, and we're always discussing the cross\-over of feedback and our own play experience. And we're changing the game based on all of that.*

*From your feedback, it's clear a lot of posters don't think this is the case. My best response to that is to share our experiences, improve how we message our choices \(no more late monster posts\), and play the game with all of you so our conversations are based on the same experiences.*

*We will get you more information about the important changes I mentioned as soon as we've play tested them and are confident in them. Let's keep the conversation, and the change it drives, going.*

*Thanks for all your play and feedback.*

\*\*\*

*2\) I forgot to mention another important part of my play story: The Vault contribution of 5\+ felt bad, especially for Rares and Mythics. We had discussed just changing the amount contributed, but, based on play and feedback, we realized we needed a bigger change than that. We're aiming for July with that change too.*

\*\*\*

*3\) We're aiming for the next round of changes to come with July. They are mainly focused on the areas I mentioned. As we play test, we'll let you all know more rather than waiting for a wall of text.*

\*\*\*

*4\) That wasn't my intention, but I appreciate the feedback. My drive is to experience what we've made as legitimately as I can \(while still being a dev\). There's a spectrum to that experience, and I'm sharing what I felt along the way.*

\*\*\*

*5\) Nice name! Need some nachos now.*

*I posted it elsewhere, but I wanted to mention here that we are making bigger changes to the 5\+ issue. And I too have opened a lot of full gray boosters and felt the disappointment.*

*I also hear you on the extra Common/Uncommon WC's. We've added more Uncommon cards through ICR's based on feedback and metrics to give constructed events more spice. For July, the WC system changes we're building now \(but that still need testing\) will help this, but we are still working on an actual solution for the specific issue.*

\*\*\*

*6\) To touch briefly on the new player experience, we have been working on various parts of this for awhile now and testing it with different groups of players, both internally and externally. Due to MTG's depth, there's a lot we can do here overtime to help more CCG players fall in love with all the game has to offer. We'll start with the basics and improve from there as we see how it helps, or doesn't help, new players. I don't have a specific date just yet for our first draft.*

\*\*\*

*7\) Thanks for this, pollux. It's a really good distillation. I'll definitely need to think more about some of it more, but I appreciate that you laid it out, good and bad.*

*The, 'Magic depth,' line clearly didn't communicate what we were after. There's a lot more to discuss on the topic of competitive goals, but I will say our main goal is to be competitive both in terms of FTP time and real money with the leaders in the digital CCG space. We wanted to give out some of the numbers we're using to show you where we are at so you all could make your own comparisons. This line was trying to convey that MTG has a much bigger variance in the composition of its decks than the other leaders as far as rarity goes. That means, it can take more time to earn some decks based on how many more Rares or Mythics they have. We clearly could've said that more clearly.*

*Grinding is really interesting. I've made several MMO's and played even more, so I know well the desire to get into that grind state of mind. The trick for us is that we also want to make it so people who don't want to grind \(but do want to play for free\) can keep up. The changes we've made are aimed at extending out the games you can play and feel rewarded, not necessarily at supporting long grinds. It's not a perfect balance by any means, but I wanted to share what we're aiming at.*

*We talked a lot about selling WC's directly, and we've decided that the first issue we need to clear up is the fact that you can't plan/drive for your deck goals because there's no path ahead. We're testing ways to drastically reduce WC variance and make the path super clear. To be honest, we know now that WC's coming primarily from packs or a long term thing like the Vault hides their value too much and makes them undependable for the players' needs.*

*The KLD grant actually comes from the fact that we're putting sets into the game much faster than it was designed to handle \(from an experience standpoint\). People are still playing to get the Dominaria decks they want \(it's only been a little over a month\), and we wanted folks to be able to play Standard ASAP. With Bo3, we're adding the real competitive level to the game, and we wanted folks to be able to get to it quickly and enjoy it.*

*Thanks again. Good stuff.*

\*\*\*

*8\) Yeah, walls of text can bury the key facts. I don't want to get too specific until we've play tested because it'll be speculative, but here's a couple specifics to surface in the body of the thread. We'll find other ways to make them more clear to everyone:*

*WC's need to be more deterministic so we can plan our decks/see our destination. They aren't motivating right now because of their variance. We're aiming at July for a fix.*

*The Vault got overloaded with concepts. 5\+ copies of cards and pack opening rewards aren't really the same thing. We're splitting these into two different ideas. We'll let you know how it works out as we play test.*

*5\+ copies of cards understandably felt to a lot of people like a dust system. We weren't really after that, but it's clear now that it's confusing. Most importantly, it sucks to open gray packs and not get any real feeling of progression/rewards July is our target.*

*I've replied to a few other threads with these kinds of details, but I'll ask our community folks to pull a better summary together because, yeah, we need to tell folks this stuff.*

\*\*\*

*9\) There's a lot of feedback about the way we're communicating things and the motivations we have. I chose this post mainly to make sure to engage in the full spectrum of feedback as it shares those themes with other posts. In the actions vs. words department, my goal here is to use some words to actively engage the sentiments shared.*

*We've set our goals to be competitive and shared our numbers so you all can make up your own minds. The digital CCG space has exploded, and there's a wide range of values out there. We've aimed to compete with the top because we know how to lead in the CCG space on tabletop. Now, we want to bring that to digital.*

*Some games will take less time to earn. Some will take more. MTG has a wider range of possible deck earn times because of its depth and diversity, but we've aimed with our math to compete.*

*We've made some different choices \(WC's\) to explore different spaces than others, and it can make the comparisons more difficult. We also need to make that value more clear in game, and that's what our July fixes are aimed at. Your feedback and play is driving these changes.*

*Thanks to everyone who shared their frustration, anger, doubt, and passion. When I say thanks for the feedback, good or bad, I mean it.*

*Thanks.*

\*\*\*

*10\) Thanks for the feedback, Blue. I think this is another case where we didn't clearly communicate what we were after. Let me try to state it better.*

*We want to offer packs, events, cosmetics, and other cool stuff we haven't come up with yet for gems. We made some bundles at different price points that line up with those different offerings. Part of the problem is that we rolled out only packs at first, so there was a mismatch between the gem bundles and the pack bundles. Folks reacted to that mismatch, which is completely understandable. We didn't give you all the whole picture.*

*As more offerings become available, it'll become more clear that the gem bundles are general price points that you can use on different combinations of things. That's where we were going with the line you quoted, but it clearly didn't convey what we wanted.*

*On a related note, others have asked why we don't just use dollars for pricing. This is because we wanted to give all players a path to gem\-only offerings. There will be events and cosmetics that are gem only. MTG has a much bigger range of possible experiences than many other CCG's, and we've built our economy to account for that range.*

*Others have asked why we don't have just one currency. The gems answer above is a large part of it. Another part of it is that we wanted some events, like Quick Draft to give out a kind of value that other events don't give out. Rather than just vary the amount needed, we wanted to make some events even more rewarding because they unlock gem\-only experiences.*

*There's a lot of good feedback on this topic and we need to do more to communicate our goals clearly. Take this as a start, and expect us to continue this part of the conversation in the coming weeks.*

*Thanks again for the feedback and helping us clear this up.*

\*\*\*

*11\) We agree that our hype of the post, and the length of the post itself, was too much. We wanted to address the major themes in the economy discussion broadly after the April reset. But, we tried to do to much with one post, and thus it made it take much longer to get it out to all of you.*

*We should've set expectations better. And written less.  😀*

\*\*\*

*12\) Thanks, TomDW, for bringing up a good point of needed clarification. One of the results of a rarity\-based economy is that it does tend to narrow the decks people drive towards to what is perceived as the best. And, if winning in established events is the main way to earn value, then there's even more pressure to lower deck diversity.*

*We've been talking with the tabletop design leadership about this throughout beta, and it's a top topic in our design meetings. MTG has a lot more depth/fun than just playing the tip of what win\-based Standard formats has to offer. We're experimenting internally with some event ideas to use ICR's to give rewards to folks who are coloring outside the lines of the defined meta, but do so in a way that helps them build those creative decks they love. We don't have a solid version to share yet, but you are 100\% right. We need something to take full advantage of what MTG offers.*

\*\*\*

*13\) Thanks, ixSci, for helping me clarify this a bit further. We don't generally comment on other developer's games directly for a variety of reasons, but I understand your question, especially since we've been talking about competitive earn rates. Let me see if I can make things more clear while still focusing on MTG Arena.*

*I'm going to start in an odd place, but stay with me. Wild Cards let us give out more value because we can give away the, 'dust,' value \(the ability to get the specific cards you want\) AND extra cards. We can also use cards much more frequently as individual rewards because they don't all turn into dust.*

*But we need to do a MUCH better job of messaging all of that in game. That's where July's changes come in. Dust is predictable. WC's currently aren't. This isn't just a UX change we're play testing. This is a fundamental change to the variance with which we distribute WC's. We're moving a lot more of the value to a place where folks can depend on it.*

*Now, back to the main point. We want our baseline to be competitive \(e.g. daily earn rate\). But, giving out more individual cards is generally extra value on top of that as are event rewards. In other words, we give out even more rewards in the form of these cards and the extra gold you can win with skill.*

*We understand that some folks dismiss the value of ICR's all together because of their variance. But, they do have value, and we give out a lot of them to help mitigate that variance some. Our goal is for our baseline to be competitive with the leaders, and then to reward even more through ICR's and skill\-based rewards.*

*Thanks again for the clarifying questions.*

\*\*\*

*14\) Thanks, Apex. I mentioned it in another response, but we do need to find ways to embrace MTG's deck diversity while still using the rarity\-based economy. We don't have a solution to present to you all yet, but it's a top topic with tabletop design and our design team.*

*To your pricing question, we're looking at it more form the perspective of how to give away more packs for play rather than change fundamental pricing outright. I realized in reading your post that I've been saying, 'free,' a lot when I mean, 'play.' The reason I want to clarify this is that we do value player's time \(the intent of our daily reward structure\), but we do want people to play MTG to earn the rewards as that's the most satisfying way to feel the reward of your accomplishments.*

*Thanks again.*"
43,"They don’t know who the deceased is or when he died. From Sally Rawsthorne of the Sydney Morning Herald:

Police say a mummified body found in a house in Sydney's lower North Shore this week is a ""mystery"".

Strike Force Grimmett was established between North Shore Local Area Command and Homicide Squad detectives to investigate the ""unique"" death at what police described as a ""hoarder's house"" in Greenwich.

Police are treating the discovery of a mummified body of a man on Sydney's lower north shore as suspicious.

Cleaners made the gruesome discovery on Tuesday after they were sent to the house following the death of owner Bruce Roberts last year.

They called police who are yet to formally identify the victim, a man in his 30s or 40s from NSW.

It is understood the victim was known to police.

Investigators are now looking at a number of lines of investigation, including whether the person's death predates that of Mr Roberts, whether Mr Roberts was involved in his death or whether the victim had been reported as a missing person.

""It is a mystery, and we need to take the time to investigate,"" acting Superintendent Simon Jones said.

""We must treat the death as suspicious. It is believed the body has been in the home for a considerable time. The body was covered in an amount of material.""

He said that, despite the decomposition of the body, it was evident the person had sustained ""a number of injuries"".

Mr Roberts was also known to police before his death.

The nature of his hoarding has made the search more challenging for investigators, he said.

""There have been a number of items seized from the home.

""It's highly unusual. We don't get many jobs like this.""

A worker at the local IGA told Fairfax Media that, when Mr Roberts failed to come into the shop for his groceries every day last July, they became concerned and alerted police who found him dead in the house close to a heater.

Mr Roberts had ""hoarder"" tendencies and was quite reclusive.

Long-time neighbour Gayle Meagher recalled exchanging pleasantries with him.

""He was a bit of a recluse,"" she told the ABC on Thursday.

https://www.smh.com.au/national/nsw/body-found-inside-greenwich-hoarder-s-home-had-a-number-of-injuries-20180601-p4ziu2.html"
44,"...at the TV directly above them which was showing the NBA game. 

I work in a very diverse neighborhood located right outside one of the 5 largest cities in the US. We are an openly LGBTQ friendly and supportive establishment on top, and more than half our staff can be considered POC. This couples' server was even Latino (as were they). In the review they say how ""There were a lot of white people here and everyone seemed to be staring at my wife and I, who are Latino. Maybe this place is okay if you're of a certain skin tone, but we felt weird.""

Maybe we were all staring because you and your wife were sitting directly under one of the four TVs located in the entire bar/restaurant and there just so happened to be an important game on?

Or maybe all of us--including your gay, Latino server and African American busser--are just racist ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
45,"Hey guys!

As I wrote in the title, I like building PCs more than playing games, anyone else feels this way, or is it just me?

Also what do you think, how can I build more without losing a lot of money? 

I thought about buying used parts, and building a PC from them, then selling the PC. I also tought about modding, of course the same ""used part PC"" and I can sell that too. Of couse I don't want to earn money from this, so it would be the same price as the parts were together, or maybe a very little more.

I thought of picking up a hobby as well which is similar to PC building, but less expensive, but I haven't find anything similar yet."
46,""" 'Hare Row' Inn harrowin' heroine heroin error win. Air rowin' heroin heir Owan here owin' her roe n' hair rowin' a row n' a hero in heroin'. Hear Owan: ""Here I win her own error win heroin"" """
47,So don't worry about that... uh... area of your life
48,So don't worry about that... uh... area of your life
49,"1. The cow is artificially inseminated. That means some weird ass farmer puts his hand into the mother cow and inseminates her (or it can be done with a machine I think). This is essentially rape.

2. Then the cow of course gets pregnant and after around 380 days gives birth to her calf.
Now (and shortly before the birth) the cows hormones (like mothers of the homo sapiens) kick in and she produces milk to nourish the calf.

3. But this milk is (in the eyes of the farmer - and the happy customers) not meant for the calf so the baby cow must be eliminated from the equation. The farmers (brutally) take the calf from her mother, and the mother cow understands it (!!). She moans after her lost offspring and shows other such indicators of loss and sadness.

4. The mother cow now can be milked without the calf around and this process is accelerated with hormones and selective breeding. The milk cows are usually milk all at once, so the farmers wait till their teats grow big and full which is very painful for the mammals.

5a. This process is repeated for the mother until it's productivity in producing that milky goodness drops to that extend in which the cost is more then the profit. Then she is killed.

5b. The calf is if it's a male raised as veal (which is a whole new level of horror - esentially: **extremely** short confinement, dark place the whole life and iron deficiancy). If it's not raised as veal then it is still raised to be slaughtered (the usual way)
If the calf us female the follows her mother foot steps.

And all this is done in short confinement, little relief and in total disregard of the fundamental needs of the animals."
50,Almost a year and a half ago I stashed enough cash for two weeks of bus fares in the top of my closet.  Some unexpected expenses came up and I'm too sick to cycle to work like normal and I was contemplating on how the hell I was going to afford to get to work when I remembered the stash I had made specifically for this situation.   
51,We saw his dick first 
52,I am happy to say that today marks 35 years sober for this alcoholic.  Additionally my 70th birthday is in a couple of weeks and in early august we will celebrate out 50th wedding anniversary. Life is good.
53,"I don’t think that human babies look cute. Sure, I find toddlers cute but before then... not really."
54,I am happy to say that today marks 35 years sober for this alcoholic.  Additionally my 70th birthday is in a couple of weeks and in early august we will celebrate out 50th wedding anniversary. Life is good.
55,"I don’t think that human babies look cute. Sure, I find toddlers cute but before then... not really."
56,"For some reason there's a lot of scrutiny towards the TransCab drivers here but I just wanted to share what happened to me yesterday-

In short I was in a horrible place in my head and when I boarded the cab I was already crying (not the kind that you can discreetly hide lol I was outright sobbing already). Instead of probing he gave me a pack of tissues then we started talking about why I was crying.

At the end of my trip I realised they don't take card or NETS so I said I will get his number and make a bank transfer in the next 10 minutes since I don't usually carry cash around. This is my fault because I should've asked if he took card/NETS as payment before I boarded. However the driver uncle told me he will waive the fee and even offered to drive over to the coffee shop 5 mins away to get me a cold drink.

I couldn't accept his offer (and started crying more bc I didn't expect such kindness after a really shitty week) and gave him all the cash I had, which didn't even amount to half the trip fee. I'm glad he accepted it and I'm glad I met + spoke to him.

I still hate myself for not getting his name and car plate number so I can make a formal compliment to the cab company.

Before I left he said, life is always about balance and ups and downs, see girl, you had such a bad week but now you meet me and i'm good!

Thank you uncle my Thursday wasn't so bad after all :)

Edit: I sent them an email about this incident with as much details as I can remember. Thank you to those who suggested I do this :) "
57,I am happy to say that today marks 35 years sober for this alcoholic.  Additionally my 70th birthday is in a couple of weeks and in early august we will celebrate out 50th wedding anniversary. Life is good.
58,"I don’t think that human babies look cute. Sure, I find toddlers cute but before then... not really."
59,"For some reason there's a lot of scrutiny towards the TransCab drivers here but I just wanted to share what happened to me yesterday-

In short I was in a horrible place in my head and when I boarded the cab I was already crying (not the kind that you can discreetly hide lol I was outright sobbing already). Instead of probing he gave me a pack of tissues then we started talking about why I was crying.

At the end of my trip I realised they don't take card or NETS so I said I will get his number and make a bank transfer in the next 10 minutes since I don't usually carry cash around. This is my fault because I should've asked if he took card/NETS as payment before I boarded. However the driver uncle told me he will waive the fee and even offered to drive over to the coffee shop 5 mins away to get me a cold drink.

I couldn't accept his offer (and started crying more bc I didn't expect such kindness after a really shitty week) and gave him all the cash I had, which didn't even amount to half the trip fee. I'm glad he accepted it and I'm glad I met + spoke to him.

I still hate myself for not getting his name and car plate number so I can make a formal compliment to the cab company.

Before I left he said, life is always about balance and ups and downs, see girl, you had such a bad week but now you meet me and i'm good!

Thank you uncle my Thursday wasn't so bad after all :)

Edit: I sent them an email about this incident with as much details as I can remember. Thank you to those who suggested I do this :) "
60,"Think outside the box my people - throughout all of the GoW games, Kratos shows that he is unbound by fate and is always flipping prophecies upside down and inside out - this has been set as a big part of his story since the Greek pantheon. It's silly to think that because Kratos is depicted dying in a mural, that he is going to stay dead. SILLY I TELL YOU.


Faye foresaw this whole game, that's true. The giants' mural *does* show Kratos dying. With Faye being correct this whole game, why wouldn't we believe the giants' mural? Well sit your **sweet ass** down because I'll tell ya why we shouldn't *fully* believe that mural. Think about it: If the giants' foresight was absolute, they would not be in the position that they are in now. In fact, nothing would ever go wrong for the giants as a race if their foresight was so powerful. However, every story that Mimir tells about the giants ends very poorly for them.

This mixed with the fact that Kratos is always dicking up everyone's plans, prophecies, and fates, I highly doubt that Kratos will actually die and stay dead.

In my opinion, Kratos may very well die, but I believe that he will do it on purpose, hence the word ""deceit"" in the mural. *But why would he die on purpose?!* Because in Norse mythology, when you die in battle, you are brought to Asgard, which we can safely assume Kratos will travel to in one way or another.


Furthermore, I highly doubt that the Valkyries were in the game just to serve as optional bosses. The Valkyries were in this game for a reason. We released the Valkyries from their corrupted forms in this game, which means that if and when Kratos dies in the next game, the Valkyries will bring him to Asgard. I believe that if Kratos dies at all, he will do it willingly as a means to get into Asgard, and will definitely not stay dead.


Here's where it gets interesting. Freya now hates Kratos and wants to parade his cold dead body throughout all of the realms. Yeesh. In Norse mythology, (if they stay true to this part), Freya has the first pick of the dead when they go to Asgard. She picks who she wants to stay in her meadow, Fólkvangr, and the other half go to the halls of Valhalla.

Whether Freya keeps him in Fólkvangr or sends him to Valhalla can be seen as sinister or helpful depending on whether they become allies again prior to Kratos' deceitful trip to Asgard...



EDIT: spelling/grammar"
61,"BUENOS DIAS MOTHER FUCKERS, r/USLPRO IN THE DRIVER SEAT HERE TO FINALLY \#RAISEYOURGAME^^TM STARTING WITH YOUR TRASH TALK THREAD

IT’S BEEN CUTE SEEING ALL YOUR LITTLE TRASH TALK THREADS OVER THE LAST FEW MONTHS, BUT WITH IT BEING OPEN CUP TIME YOU ARE NOW EXPERIENCING A HOSTILE TAKEOVER BY SOMEONE WHO ACTUALLY KNOWS WHAT THEY’RE DOING. YOU THINK OUR LEAGUE JUST REVOLVES AROUND FC CINCINNATI?! FOR THE MOST PART, YEAH, BUT THERE IS SO MUCH MORE TO USL THAN THEIR ATTENDANCE. 

THERE’S DONGERS, DROGBA, GARTH BROOKS, THE SIMULATION, VEGAS, COYOS, STREAMERS, FLOODING, DEAD WHALES, PENNISLANDERS, BUTTERFLIES, LLAMAS, SKYLINE, THE GHOST OF FORMER US OPEN CUP CHAMPION ROCHESTER RHINOS, AND FINALLY THE REINCARNATED ROCHESTER RHINOS NOW CALLED SACRAMENTO REPUBLIC AND, TO A MORE LITERAL EXTENT, PITTSBURGH RIVERHOUNDS.

PLUS A METRIC SHIT TON OF METH. *JUST TO NAME A FEW*.

SO FUCK YOUR POINTLESS WEEKEND GAMES BECAUSE COME TUESDAY/WEDNESDAY YOU’RE GONNA GET A GIANT UNWANTED DOSE OF SECOND DIVISION ACTION ALONG WITH A REMARKABLE AMOUNT OF REDDIT BOT KNOWLEDGE. WE’VE HAD MORE MEMES DIE IN OUR SUBREDDIT THAN YOU GUYS HAVE EVER CREATED. IN FACT, WE SHIT POSTED SO HARD WE ACTUALLY BROUGHT ONE BACK TO LIFE! AYY LMAO! [MIGHT WANNA BUCKLE UP.](https://www.reddit.com/r/USLPRO/comments/8e579g/oh_nothing_here_makes_sense_man_the_only_thing/)

#WAIT DID YOU JUST HEAR SOMETHING ABOUT PRO/REL?! OR WAS IT SOMETHING ABOUT CHELIS AND FREDDY ADU?! WHO CARES BECAUSE WE ARE NOW TALKING USL, THE HIGHEST ATTENDED SECOND DIVISION IN THE WORLD^^TM

SO OPEN WIDE FOR THE OPEN CUP, BECAUSE WHILE USSF WANTS US ALL TO IGNORE IT, WE WON’T LET IT GO AWAY. CAPS ON, FLAIR UP, AND FUCK THE COSMOS BECAUSE AT THE END OF THE DAY WE’LL JUST BLAME THEM FOR ANYTHING THAT GOES WRONG ANYWAY.

**ROB KRAFT’S TAX SHELTER VS THE REIGNING LEAGUE CHAMPION LOUISVILLE CITY**

YOU THINK THE LEE NGUYEN SAGA WAS ROUGH? YOU BITCHES NEVER EXPERIENCED STREAMERGATE. WHILE THE REVS MAKE THEMSELVES AT HOME IN A CAVERNOUS FOOTBALL STADIUM, WE’LL SEE HOW THEY HANDLE PLAYING AT A BASEBALL FIELD FILLED TO CAPACITY. IT'S COOL THOUGH, LOUISVILLE IS ACTUALLY GOING TO GET A SSS STADIUM BEFORE THE REVS DO. MAYBE EVEN TWO OF THEM. AND LAST I HEARD, MALCOLM BUTLER GOT BENCHED IN THE SUPER BOWL FOR ASKING WHY THE REVS DIDN’T HAVE THEIR OWN PRIVATE PLANE. 

**WAYNE ROONEY’S NEW BITCH VS THE CLUB FORMERLY KNOWN AS THE RAILHAWKS**

IS THE PRIDE OF ENGLAND GOING TO MAKE IT TO THIS MATCH? BETTER HOPE SO, BECAUSE TIYI SHIPALANE JUST RE-SIGNED WITH NCFC IN THE MOST OF IMPRESSIVE MAY/JUNE TRANSFER FOR ALL OF US SOCCER. AUDI FIELD MAY LOOK NICE NOW, BUT IT DOESN’T HOLD A CANDLE TO THE PRESTIGIOUS WAKE MED, WHERE THIS MATCH WOULD BE MUCH BETTER OFF. WHEN RACCOONS DREAM OF HEAVEN, THEY DREAM OF WAKE MED SOCCER PARK. DON’T FORGET WAKE MED HAS HOSTED MORE USMNT MATCHES THAN AUDI FIELD EVER WILL, PROBABLY. FOR NOW AT LEAST.

**THE MLS CLUB WHO PROBABLY SHOULD BE IN USL VS THE HIGHEST RATED TEAM IN THE STATE OF VIRGINIA.** 

DEEP DOWN, THE SONS OF BEN ACTUALLY WISH THEY COULD BE THE SUPPORTERS GROUP FOR THE VIRGINIA POWERHOUSE KNOWN AS THE RICHMOND KICKERS, WHOSE YOUTH CLUBS ACTUALLY PROVIDE VALUE TO US SOCCER. WE ALWAYS HEAR ABOUT PHILLY NOT HAVING ENOUGH MONEY TO BUY A DECENT STRIKER, ALONG WITH THEM BEING A PERENNIAL DISAPPOINTMENT, AND YOU KNOW WHO THEY SHOULD HAVE SIGNED? 2017 USL GOLDEN BOOT WINNER, DANE KELLY. THEY’LL GET A FIRST HAND LOOK AT HIM THIS WEEK AFTER HE BLASTS FIVE GOALS PAST THEIR WEAK-ASS DEFENSE. 

**THE WANNABE FC CINCINNATI OF MLS VS THE MO-FUCKIN BATTERY**

JUST LAST WEEK THE BATTERY MADE TWONITED INTO THEIR LITTLE BITCH WITH A 3-0 BEATDOWN IN LEAGUE PLAY. A SIGN OF THINGS TO COME? *AND A REMINDER THAT TWONITED IS A MUCH BETTER NICKNAME THAN A-T-L-U-T-D-2…* LAST YEAR IN THE OPEN CUP, IT TOOK A FULL STRENGTH ATLANTA TO COME FROM BEHIND AND UPSET CHARLESTON 3-2. THIS YEAR DON’T EXPECT THE BATTERY TO FUCK AROUND WITH THE ATTENDANCE CHAMPIONS. 

**2017 NASL TEAM RUSHING INTO MLS VS 2019 USL TEAM RUSHING INTO MLS**

SINCE AUDACIOUSLY JOINING MLS IN 2017 WITH A NASL ROSTER MNTDEW UNTD ALLOWED AN MLS RECORD NUMBER OF GOALS IN ITS FIRST SEASON. EVEN AFTER 4 TRANSFER WINDOWS MNTDEW UNITED STILL RESEMBLE A SECOND DIVISION TEAM. FÜßBÄLL CLÜB CÏNCÏNNÄTÏ HAS RAISED ITS LEAGUE^^TM AND WILL ATTEMPT THE SAME FEAT IN EVEN LESS TIME (HOW DO YOU SPELL WOODEN SPOON EN DEUTSCH?). THIS LOOKS LIKE A CLASSIC OLD SCHOOL NASL V USL MATCHUP, EXCEPT THE NASL SIDE ISN’T DED AND THE USL SIDE WILL ~~PROBABLY~~ WIN.

**MLS-LITE VS STAN KROENKE’S TAX SHELTER CRAPIDS**

THIS ONE IS ADMITTEDLY WEIRD, BECAUSE r/USLPRO HAS MIXED FEELINGS TOWARDS NASHVILLE. KIND OF LIKE THE FOREIGN EXCHANGE STUDENT THAT REALLY WANTS TO FIT IN, BUT IS ONLY GOING TO BE AROUND FOR A SEMESTER. AND THEN AT THE SAME TIME WITH COLORADO IT’S LIKE, “OMG! THE SAME GUY WHO OWNS ARSENAL IS GOING TO PUT A TEAM IN THE US! OMG THATS AMAZING EVEN THOUGH ARSENAL SUCKS ASS! OMG!” BUT THEN YOU SEE THE RAPIDS ROSTER AND OUTSIDE OF TIM HOWARD IT'S LIKE, “DID HE PUT HIS TEAM IN USL?” 

**THE GREATEST CLUB IN TEXAS VS THE TEXAS CLUB OWNED BY THE HUNT FAMILY**

SAN ANTONIO IS BETTER THAN FRISCO IN EVERY POSSIBLE WAY. IN FACT, US SOCCER ACTUALLY MEANT TO PUT THE HALL OF FAME IN TOYOTA FIELD, HOME OF SAFC, BUT ARE SO INEPT THE INTERN SENDING THE EMAIL PUT TOYOTA STADIUM, HOME OF FC DALLAS. ONCE THE DON NOTICED, HE JUST LEFT BECAUSE NOBODY SHOWS UP TO DALLAS GAMES ANYWAY SO THEY HAVE EXTRA SPACE, PLUS MOVING THE CREW TO AUSTIN MAKES IT AWKWARD TO HAVE CONVERSATIONS WITH THE SAN ANTONIO FO, SINCE HE PROMISED THEM A SPOT IN MLS IN HIS PLOY TO KILL THE NASL. ANYWAY, AT THE END OF THE DAY, DALLAS STILL SUCKS. 

**THE LA TEAM THAT DOESN’T HAVE ZLATAN VS THE TEAM WITH THE SWEET-ASS FOX SCARVES** 

BANC OF CALIFORNIA STADIUM IS PRETTY SWEET, SURE, BUT CAN YOU PLAY BASEBALL IN IT?! DIDN’T THINK SO. POINT, USL. PLUS IT PROBABLY HAS WEIRD ZONING RULES WITH IT LIKE THE OTHER SHITTY LOS ANGELES TEAM AND ONLY A FEW THOUSAND FANS WILL HAVE THE PRIVILEGE OF SEEING THE NEWEST MLS TEAM GETTING EMBARRASSED BY (ONE OF) THE NEWEST USL TEAMS. THIS WILL ALSO BE THE FIRST TIME MILTON BLANCO OF FRESNO WILL FACE HIS FORMER MLS TEAM AFTER PLAYING IN THEIR 2005 DEBUT SEASON. 

**FORMER MLS HOPEFUL SACRAMENTO REPUBLIC VS FORMER MLS PLAYOFF HOPEFUL SEATTLE SOUNDERS**

https://quotefancy.com/quote/774661/Bill-Cosby-Sometimes-you-try-to-help-people-and-it-backfires-on-you-and-then-they-try-to 


SO THERE YOU HAVE IT. CAPS ON, FLAIR UP, LONG LIVE THE CUP AND RAISE YOUR GAME^^TM

#AYY LMAO!!"
62,"I’m not the type of person to jump head first into trends just for the sake of it, but I do like feeling relevant and up to date. I would say my style leans more into the classic/feminine aesthetic — I’m 5’2 and not willowy thin, so I find that my body tends to suit more figure-hugging shapes. I work at a fashion museum with two other women also in their early-to-mid twenties. They both have what I’d call the current ‘cool girl’ aesthetic down: think black goucho pants or pleated skirt, white crew neck, white Adidas sneakers, eclectic combo of minimalist chokers/piercings/rings, black Matt &amp; Nat backpack etc. Compared to them I often feel fairly out of date and (dare I say) even frumpy! I like lots of these pieces individually but find that when I combine it all in one outfit I just can’t pull it off and I don’t love the look. I see baggy top on baggy bottoms being worn a lot, but if I wear a baggy item of clothing I feel the need to compensate with a fitted piece elsewhere. It also doesn’t help that I have a pixie cut so anything too androgynous or loose makes me feel very un-feminine and self conscious. How do you balance staying current and relevant with dressing to suit your own tastes and body types? Also, how do you not feel outdated when around women who completely rock the current ‘cool girl’ look? "
63,I need to know for research purposes.
64,"I think it’s healthy to remain sceptical until gameplay is released, or even until launch. I also understand the whole “*customization like you’ve never seen it before*” is also a trend but I feel like it’s a necessary trend in order for DLC to be funded. 

However what I want to discuss is from [Jackfrags video](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xegBXGaFrOU) that told us about gameplay changes. It seems DICE is finally going into the direction of challenging players with a new Battlefield. 

* No regenerating health (up to a certain point)

* Limited ammo when spawning in 

* Animations for both health and ammo pick ups 

* Fortifying environments so there always changing making it harder to memorize map layouts

* Being able to tow emplacements so players and vehicles have a harder time memorizing where emplacements are

* Revives having animations as well as being able to drag bodies meaning more thought has to be put into reviving then just a button press

* Squad leader rewards for working well as a team, with potential rockets or supply crates, meaning more team play rewards 

* No more visual recoil with each gun having a predictable recoil pattern 

* Probably more stuff I’m forgetting about 



All these hints are not only cool in a immersion they also are actually challenging ideas that I will have to spend more than a game or 4 to get used to. Although I love these games the transition from BF3 to BF4 wasn’t that substantial and it took me a couple games and 1 YouTube video to figure out how to play best. Same thing with BF4 to BF1 except maybe a little longer because of the time period difference. I feel like I’m going to start off Battlefield V as a bad player and actually learn for a couple of weeks or even months on how to be a good player, and that’s a great thing. I’m excited to be challenged by Battlefield game and actually learn in depth meta that could take weeks or even months to fully grasp. 

What’s even better is that in another [Jackfrags video](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mSppHRDUHOU&amp;t=610s) about “*Tides of War*”, there DLC model, DICE apparently wants each new front or maps to introduce new meta you have to learn. With him using an example that the maps dropping in November will be about Dunkirk and defending against Blitzkrieg. And although the main base of gameplay changes will be the core meta to learn, this will still be fun and challenging to get used to. If they pull it off each front will play differently which will be really nice for map variety and gameplay variety. 

All of these new things and they could’ve just copied trends and made a BR game, they could’ve just slightly updated BF1 and change a few things to make it a new game (no hate meant but Black Ops 4 looks very much like an updated Black Ops 3). It’s nice to see DICE stand on there own two feet again, at least in my opinion 

Just thought that’s pretty exciting although I do want to hear what you guys think too :)  

Edit: Spelling "
65,Something that a player or coach did that cost your team dearly. For IU the first thing I can think of is when we were ranked #1 at Illinois and Cody Zeller just decided to not play defense and let them score the game winning layup. Michigan.... we probably know your answer. 
66,"I ran a 10k race yesterday and had this one guy running behind me all the time. At one point he wanted to overtake me I guess and when running next to me, he shoved me to the side. This was a race on a fucking road at least 5m wide and there was literally no one else around but the two of us. Just make one step to the side and run around me like everyone else! Don't fucking touch other runners, don't shove them for fuck's sake! Also, he didn't even overtake me, just kept running behind me. I found him after the race and told him that's not okay and was like 'I was running in a straight line and you got in my way' Two people on a fucking road, this guy is running behind me and I ran into his 'straight line'? Wtf? Seriously, fuck this guy. /rant, thanks for listenting..."
67,One of my favorite early 90s flicks
68,"[His tweet](https://twitter.com/BirdAnderson_18/status/1002569686524071936?s=19)

[link](https://247sports.com/college/south-carolina/Article/South-Carolina-Gamecocks-football-Joseph-Anderson-commits-to-Carolina--118691370/Amp?Notification.Success=Your%2BArticle%2Bhas%2Bbeen%2Bsuccessfully%2Bcreated&amp;__twitter_impression=true)

[247 Profile](https://247sports.com/Player/Joseph-Anderson-85504)"
69,"#####   Chapter 185
---

##Link(s):
Source | Status
------|------
[MangaStream](https://readms.net/r/my_hero_academia/185/5123/1)| Online
[Jaimini's Box](https://jaiminisbox.com/reader/read/my-hero-academia/en/0/185/)| Online
[VIZ](https://www.viz.com/shonenjump)| Available on Jun 04, 2018
---
##Keep ALL Chapter 185 things in here for the next 24 hours.
---

Discord: [https://discord.gg/CbyQ5Vq](https://www.reddit.com/r/fuckyoufrx/) 
"
70,"When we originally started telling people it ***could*** be the final episode, it was because we were unsure of whether or not Buu would or could happen, due to ***several*** circumstances, including the time investment, the financial investment, issues with YouTube, etc. We want people to understand that Episode 60 being the Series Finale is a possibility, so they're not ***blindsided*** should things end up going that way.

But we've never once said it was likely to end, ***much less*** ""***definitely ending***.""

We're trying to figure that out as we finish up Episode 60 and get some original projects rolling. Once we're at a comfortable place, we'll know for certain whether or not we can continue. Buu is over 80 episodes; it requires a lot of work and commitment on our part. This isn't a decision that we want to rush or jump into... and then regret three years from now because we didn't plan our future well enough.

Please be patient with us and remember that this project has meant the world to us. But moving forward as a company full of creatives, it cannot be our full time job, or even our main priority anymore. Life has changed, the dynamics within the industries we work within and alongside have changed, and our company has grown.

Thank you for your continued understanding and patience."
71,Source:  Friend rode a moped to work everyday and couldn't afford a car by himself.  I told him to try this and his parents helped him out.
72,"
&gt;""Captain,"" the wounded warrior voxed. ""I can’t move.""

&gt;Gharte had no legs below his mid-thighs – Khârn couldn’t begin to guess where they were in this
sea of mangled corpses – and his chest was a ruin of violated breastbone and ceramite.

&gt;""Bide,"" he said, lowering the warrior’s helm. ""Kargos will come.""

&gt;The warrior gripped Khârn’s collar with weak fingers. ""The Nails are aflame, even now."" He coughed something wet into his helm. 
""How can that be? I’m dying, and they still sing? What do they want from me?""

&gt;""Bide,"" Khârn said again, though he knew it was useless.

&gt;""Just give me the Peace."" The warrior sank back to the ground.
&gt;""Seventy years of serving the Butcher and his Nails is long enough.""

&gt;Khârn wished he’d not heard those words. Discomfort danced its tingling way down his backbone.

&gt;""You served well, Gharte.""  Khârn disengaged the seals at the warrior’s throat, lifting the helm
clear. There wasn’t much left of the sergeant’s face. Something must have reflected in Khârn’s
expression, for Gharte made his devastated face into something like a grin.

&gt;""That bad, eh?"" he asked. His gurgling laughter became another cough.

&gt;Khârn’s reply was solemn obedience. He held the gladius above Gharte’s left eye, its point a
finger’s breadth above the dilated pupil.

&gt;Any last words?’

&gt;""Aye. Piss on Angron’s grave when he finally lies dead.""

&gt;Khârn wished he’d not heard those words, either.

&gt;He rammed the blade down, with the sound of dry twigs breaking beneath a boot, and the faintest
clink of the point striking the stone under Gharte’s head.
"
73,"Let me begin by saying that this is partially my story partially my friends. But, I think you guys will enjoy it

So I have a friend we will name her Mary. Mary was with a guy who will refer to as Douche Nozzle (DN). Mary and DN were happily living together when DN cheats. Mary decides to give DN another chance. 6 months later DN does what cheaters do and cheats. So wisely Mary leaves and gets another apartment. 

Now, when Mary DN lived together both their names were on the lease to their mutual apartment. But DN qualified for the apt on their own so Mary asks that the two of them do the paperwork to get her off the lease. DN asks if Mary will wait until he has a new roommate since this will make it easier on him. Mary agrees

Three months later Mary says something to the effect of ""hey I want my name off the lease its been three months I am not waiting any more."" DN basically tells Mary to go kick rocks. When Mary tells me this I ask a few questions
1) do you still have a key
2) are you on the lease as a resident or a cosigner
The answers are
1) no
2) yes, a resident

So being the nice friend that I am I tell her she should go to the office and get another key. Then we should host a party at the old apartment. There is nothing DN can do since Mary is technically on the lease. Mary warns DN that she will take action if he does not get her off the lease.

DN decided to ignore her.  Imagine DN's face when we show up with about 15 of our friends and a ton of alcohol to party. Needless to say DN threatens to call the cops but I mention that since technically Mary is on the lease as a resident that she is well within her rights to have people over. DN calls the cops. The cops come and Mary explains that she is a resident and listed as such on the lease agreement. Cops ask DN about this he reluctantly confirms that it is true. Now we are not monsters we didn't get super rambunctious or destructive we just stayed up until about 1 am playing cards against humanity then we all went home while DN sat sulking in his room.

The very next day Mary gets a call from the apartment asking her to come sign the lease release form. Mission Accomplished.  
I am sorry if this was not terribly exciting for you guys but I thought it was rather petty and enjoyable"
74,One little detail that I intended to add is that the participants are absolved of any crime except murder.
75,"So this post \([https://www.reddit.com/r/bonnaroo/comments/8nnbqs/bonnaroo\_bingo\_2018/](https://www.reddit.com/r/bonnaroo/comments/8nnbqs/bonnaroo_bingo_2018/)\) from yesterday got pretty popular. While it's a funny image, and actually does a decent job of capturing the mayhem of Roo, I really REALLY hate that the creator is encouraging people to post pictures of this stuff to social media, hashtags and all.

The image encourages you to take pictures of people tripping, people who got sunburnt, and just a bunch of other embarrassing stuff, most clearly looking down on the subjects of the image.

That really sucks.  I've only been to Bonnaroo once so far and I'm sure you could've gotten a hundred pictures of me looking like an fucking idiot. I'd really prefer you not to though. And I especially would prefer you not post them online under some shared hashtag bullshit.

You know what I think when I see an old OG hippie? ""Wow, that's pretty cool. I bet they've done some awesome shit.""

Know what I don't do? Take a picture of them for people to laugh at online.

There is so much awesome stuff going on at Bonnaroo. This scavenger hunt seems to want us to focus on the worst of it.

Bonnaroo is about radiating positivity. This is about radiating judgement."
76,"Apparently a lot of people do, but I remember being mortified about my mom or any family members finding out, and I only told very close friends. Just wondering if anyone else was like me."
77,"We don’t even realize how much social media controls us. Have you ever been addicted to something online that just made you feel like your physical self was slipping away? 

I know it’s a banned discussion topic so I won’t dwell on it, but 13 Reasons Why made me want to do something bad (I’m sure you know what I mean) I wasn’t the same after watching it. 

I felt totally worthless because my Instagram posts were only getting 100-120 likes and everyone around me was at least in the 200s but most in the 300s. I felt so unattractive compared to everyone on insta. I woke up day after day waiting for the feelings of 13 Reasons Why to wear off and it didn’t. 

So I deleted my Instagram. I woke up the next day and for the first time in a long time I felt free. I wasn’t measuring my self worth by internet likes. I finally felt like I was living for myself and not to prove something to people on the internet. I got up early for the first time since watching the show, and I actually did something. I ended up cleaning the whole house. I can’t express the physical relief I feel. I feel lighter somehow. I finally feel happy.

Maybe I’ll log on again someday when I learn not to measure my self value off of Instagram and compare myself to models covered in make up and filters. 

I feel beautiful again. I feel happy. I feel worth it. I matter to myself again. 

If anyone else is considering deleting Instagram, I say do it! I feel like I can see the world again for myself and not behind a screen. No more Instagram. No more snap chat. No more Facebook. I logged off. I’m staying off. 

Has anyone else deleted their social media? How did you feel after? What are your thoughts about Instagram? "
78,"I was 14. He was 23. For fucks sake. He brought me to my FRESHMAN YEAR homecoming. He let his friends fuck me. He bought me booze and coke and weed. His sick friends would let me into the clubs and bars they worked at. He cheated on me and told me about it while we had sex. He fucked my (also 14-15 yr old) best friend. He took pictures of me naked. He took pictures of us having sex. We broke up when I was 16 and immediately afterwards he met a 14 year old from MySpace and drove across state lines to ""hang out"". And during all this time I was being shamed for it... Me. The child. The victim of a sexual predator.  I am fucked up in countless ways despite having a completely normal outward appearance. And now there is NOTHING I can do about it. 

He was a rich spoiled boy. His mother was a fucking THERAPIST and knew about it and turned a blind eye. 

I am 29 now. I look at 18-21 year olds as ""too young"" for me. I would never dream of looking twice at a boy or girl in highschool.

 This shit was not normal. 

How fucking sick was EVERYONE around me to not protect me? To not say to him... ""bro what the fuck is wrong with you?"" 

What did my parents do? Mostly nothing until they almost got in legal trouble for me skipping school and sent me to a psychiatric hospital (that deemed me mentally stable after 72 hours). There is a 13 year gap between me and the oldest sibling so by the time I was a teen, they had grand kids and were done parenting by the time I really needed it. 

It all just hit me the other day while driving, listening to my true crime podcasts, enjoying my day. I used to think how lucky I was for not having been sexually assaulted at all. Except I was. For 2+ years. And I was the one shamed for it. My family still jokes about my ""affinity for older men"". What. The. Fuck.


Edit: can't belive I have to say this, but don't PM me with perv shit (screenshot removed not sure if it violates the rules in here) "
79,"“Low flying planes!”

When do we want them?

“NNNEEEOOOOWWWwwwwww” "
80,"Tomorrow will mark 2 months keto for me. I'm 6'2"" and started at 227lbs. I started college 10 years ago. As of this morning I'm down to 204lbs. I was much more muscular at that point compared to now so it isn't a perfect comparison, but it's nice to see that number. I would ultimately like to get back in the 190-195 range. Then I want to get back into my old light weight/high rep lifting routine to trim up a little more."
81,"Tomorrow will mark 2 months keto for me. I'm 6'2"" and started at 227lbs. I started college 10 years ago. As of this morning I'm down to 204lbs. I was much more muscular at that point compared to now so it isn't a perfect comparison, but it's nice to see that number. I would ultimately like to get back in the 190-195 range. Then I want to get back into my old light weight/high rep lifting routine to trim up a little more."
82,"In the epilogue, right near the end (written by Paul Haynes and Billy Jensen) 

&gt;While a friends bucket list might be littered with items like ""Trip to Paris"" and ""Try skydiving"", Michele's included ""Go to Modesto"", ""Complete reverse directory of Goleta residents"" and ""Figure out way to submit DNA to 23andMe or Ancestry.com""

Further on they write: 

&gt;Unfortunately, neither company will work with law enforcement, citing privacy issues and their terms of service. The idea the answer to this mystery is probably hiding in the database of 23andMe and Ancestry.com kept Michelle up at night "
83,"Here's gameplay of it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxvcVYmxUgs
 
You can download it here https://www.indiedb.com/games/beware/downloads/beware-demo
I was reading the comments in that page and the dev said this:

""This needs funding, above all. Otherwise I won't be able to continue working on this and building a team.
But yeah, steering wheel + VR would be great!""

I beg all of you to comment on that page requesting vr support and wheel support too, i also messaged him on his twitter asking for vr (his twitter is https://twitter.com/ondrej_svadlena). This had me fearing for my life while playing on flatscreen (just tried it) can't imagine how terrifying it would be in vr lol!!! 

EDIT: GOT IT WORKING IN VR! check post below!!!!!"
84,"To start, I just wanted to thank you all for reading this story and providing feedback! It means a lot. 

[Previous](https://www.reddit.com/r/creatorcorvin/comments/8noc2f/the_war_2/)
_____

“You have to hold still, Commander.”

Kyle muttered a curse under his breath as the assistant continued to apply makeup. The chair beneath him was unfamiliar and leaned slightly to the right. Miranda would have made sure he had a properly balanced chair. After all, this cell was only supposed to *look* like a cell. 

More importantly, he had been imprisoned for nearly two days. It was almost time for his initial confrontation with King Ender. Octavian had certainly had chances to stop by the set and show him the revised script; of course, the Commander hadn’t yet. 

Kyle knew that he never would. *Because the script is a fake. Because no one else can know of its existence.*

Bringing the script onto the prison set had the potential to ruin everything Octavian had planned. Of course, the producers and their assistants would never ask to read it, but they would certainly speculate that there had been rewrites. That would lead to gossip. 

It was obvious that Octavian couldn’t afford for anyone to see them together. That Octavian had done this dozens of times already. He knew what he was doing.

*He’s going to put the blame on me*, Kyle knew, turning as the assistant began to add a new assortment of bruises to his face. *He’s going to force the writers to go along with his new storyline to avoid catastrophe.*

“Commander?” 

Kyle blinked. Had the woman been talking the entire time?
 
“I need you to lay down on the floor so I can add the marks from your lashings. Remember, you have been tortured this entire time,” she said with a smile. 

“Sorry. Of course,” Kyle replied smoothly, standing up. “I was just going over the lines in my head.” He waited for another assistant to stretch out a thick blanket across the grimy stone floor before laying flat on his chest. Another man placed a plate of smoked meat and vegetables within reach. A third added a copy of the *actual* script for a last minute review. 

As he feasted, Kyle rapidly flipped through the upcoming scenes. It was just as he thought. There were no changes. On the main set, the writers produced a fresh copy every day. There were subtle tweaks and potential rewordings based on the reports of the two Kings the night before. On this copy, there was nothing different. Not a single word. 

*What if…*

“Is this the most recent version?” he asked as the assistant continued to work. He was careful to keep his voice warm and unassuming. It wasn’t impossible that Octavian had placed a spy on set, that there were others committed to his cause. In fact, it was very likely. Everyone loved Octavian after all.

“As of a few days ago,” she replied. “We aren’t given daily updates like on the main set. The producers feel it’s too dangerous.”

Her response didn’t surprise Kyle in the slightest. Octavian knew the inner workings of King Ender’s castle. He had been a soldier there before the actual war had even begun. That’s why the old King trusted him so much. That’s part of the reason why–

Kyle stopped cold. *No. That can’t be it.*

But it made sense. Octavian’s ascent wouldn’t stop at taking King Ender’s place. His reign would be short-lived if the show was truly ending. No. Octavian wanted to become an *actual* king. He wasn’t thinking about simply ending the war – he was thinking about *winning* it. 

Kyle glanced to where he had hidden the knife under a pile a straw that served as his *bed*. His temporary plush cot had been removed in preparation of his meeting with the King. On any other occasion, he would have thought the transformation of his cell to have been remarkable. Now, all he could think of was how to stop the rouge Commander before it was too late. 

There was a knock on one of the iron bars. “Wrap it up. The King is on his way.” 

The assistant instructed Kyle to stand and examined him closely as others hurriedly removed the blanket and decorated the stone floor with drops of fresh blood. 

“How do I look?” Kyle asked, giving her his best smile. Miranda would have made sure to bring him a mirror. It was always easier when he knew where his *injuries* were.

“You look great, Commander,” she laughed. “I can’t wait to see you in action!” 

As the others scurried towards the exit, Kyle took several deep breaths to get himself into character. Then, he sat in the bloody straw and put his head between his knees. It was likely that he wouldn’t get a true chance to stop Octavian until later that night, but the feeling of the knife’s hilt against his thigh was reassuring nevertheless. 

A few moments later, the heavy door to the dungeon was thrown open. Wearily, Kyle raised his eyes, careful to keep the left only half-open. 

He had performed for King George a hundred times before, but he had never even seen King Ender. The man was a few years younger than George, his long black hair flaked with gray. The King wore a thick beard that stretched down past the lavish collar of his regal red robes. 

Kyle nearly broke character as he saw Octavian standing behind the king. The soldier had put on his best uniform bearing Ender’s sigil; his handsome face was freshly shaven and his thick blond hair was tied behind his neck. He subtly winked at Kyle as their eyes met. 

With actual disdain, Kyle glared at the other Commander. Octavian wasn’t supposed to be in this scene. *I shouldn’t be surprised at this point. He’s here to make sure I play my part.* 

“So,” King Ender began in his ancient voice. “We meet at last Commander Kyle.”

Kyle spat at the King’s feet in defiance. “I have nothing to say to you.” 

The old King grinned, obviously pleased. “They told me you were a tough solider. I went to sleep the past two nights comforted by the sound of your screams.” 

As planned, Kyle tried to stand up but purposefully stumbled and fell back to the ground. 

“Are you sure I can’t convince you to speak to old George on my behalf?” Ender asked after he was done laughing. “With your help, I can finally win this war. This land can finally be at peace.” 

“I’ll never betray my King!” Kyle growled. 

The King placed a wrinkled hand on the Octavian’s broad shoulder. “Then, the only use I have for you is as a symbol. Your public execution will force George to retaliate. He will act recklessly to avenge his Commander, and I will finally be able to destroy him.”

“When shall I schedule the execution, my Liege?” Octavian asked.

King Ender smirked. “Sunrise. I want you to handle it personally.”

Ever the professional Octavian nodded. “Your will be done, my Liege.” The Commander motioned the King back towards the door with a deep bow. 

“Remember to stick to the script tonight,” he mouthed to Kyle. “Keep up the good work.” 

____
Again, thanks for reading! I plan to post at least one more part later on today. 
"
85,"Let me elaborate on the title a little bit:

As I went into my second year of college, I was growing increasingly unhappy with the lack of romance in my life. I read *My Twisted World*,  the autobiography of Elliot Rodger, a kind of incel hero who went on a  killing spree in 2014. The years of loneliness he described and his  righteous anger as he planned his retribution both resonated with me.

As  my failure with women continued, I resolved to follow Elliot’s violent  example if I remained lonely by the end of my college years. I was angry   at the universe. I believed that natural selection had created men and  women in such a way that we could never truly be happy together. I  wanted to show everyone who deluded themselves into thinking that life   could be fair, or that happiness could ever be more than an incomplete,  fleeting experience, that there would always be someone like me who  slipped through the cracks of our society and destroyed any illusion of  order with senseless violence. And on a more basic level, I wanted to  make people care about me, even knowing that that caring would really be  hatred.

But these plans were two years  away, and I intended to  give the universe a fair trial until the time  came. I thought that, in college, my discomfort with dancing and the  party environment was an obstacle to being attractive to any girls. I  happened to read someone's account of the drug MDMA, ""ecstasy"", and its  legendary ability to “teach  you how to dance.” After some deliberation,  I bought some and took it at a party.

I got real high, and then I never came back down.

That   evening turned out to be the end of a nightmare which had lasted far  too long. As I talked to friends and strangers and felt my mind working  in ways it never had before, the uncaring universe I’d believed in was  disproved, replaced by a world of a different kind. I belonged here, and  I wanted to be here, and I was happy to share it with everyone.

The  powerful effects of the drug had tapered off by morning, but I was  changed. The hateful ruts in my mind were smoothed over for good during  those few hours of ecstasy.

That was more  than a year ago, and I've been gratefully exploring our bright world  ever since. But I see a nation that seems confused, about the prevalence  of mass killing, about what to make of lonely, sometimes bitter men,  about what our war on drugs is accomplishing, and more. I don't have the  answers to all these questions, but I hope my own experience can be  valuable as we wrestle with them as a society.

So I'm writing a book telling my story, which I'm calling *Anthem for a Dream*. I want to create an anti\-*My Twisted World*,  a story of loneliness, but one with a happy ending. You can follow my  progress on Kickstarter, if you want. \(I think linking to it directly is  forbidden by [r/IAmA](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA) rules, but you can find it.\)

PROOF:  Proof is a little tricky since I’m mostly describing past mind states,  but here’s a screenshot of some entries from my journal, showing what I  was thinking. I included some file explorer windows which show that the  files haven’t been modified recently. \(The 2016\-10\-19 one is off, I  think because I started encrypting my entries on January 2.\)

[https://imgur.com/a/CkKtf2E](https://imgur.com/a/CkKtf2E)

Ask  me anything! I welcome probing questions, as seeing the direction of  your curiosity can help me write the most compelling version of my book."
86,"Just saw a clip of him reacting to Colton disclosing that he is a virgin. He is like (paraphrasing), “Are you kidding me? There is no way. Did he hire Steven Spielberg to write this story?” I’m officially done with Jordan.😂😂"
87,"Changelog should be here, but Apple hasn't updated the page yet: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208723

(Updated \^)

Security updates should be here (wait for an update from Apple): https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201222

Full changelog:

&gt; ""The macOS High Sierra 10.13.5 update improves the stability, performance, and security of your Mac and is recommended for all users. 

&gt; This update adds support for Messages in iCloud, which lets you store messages with their attachments in iCloud and free up space on your Mac. To enable Messages in iCloud, go to Preferences in Messages, click Accounts, then select ""Enable Messages in iCloud

&gt; Enterprise content:

&gt; * [Variables used in SCEP payloads](https://help.apple.com/deployment/mdm/#/mdm495A6D79) now expand properly.

&gt; * Configuration profiles containing a [Wi-Fi payload](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/featuredarticles/iPhoneConfigurationProfileRef/Introduction/Introduction.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40010206-CH1-SW30) and [SCEP payload](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/featuredarticles/iPhoneConfigurationProfileRef/Introduction/Introduction.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40010206-CH1-SW18) install as expected when the ""KeyIsExtractable"" key of the SCEP payload is set to ""false.""

"
88,"So I bought my bf of 1.5 years a pair of nice shoes as a gift. He posted a picture of them on Twitter. Someone asked where he got them, and he said “a friend won a raffle for me, and I paid $130 for them.” Not true at all. He could’ve said “my gf got them for me as a gift.”

Also, he blocked me on Instagram, is hesitant to take pictures with me and won’t post photos of us together on Facebook/social media. He made the comment before that he “wants to keep [me] separate from friends.”  I’ve met his mom and most of his family and they seem to adore me.

What should I do? Confront him or let it go regarding the shoe comment? Am I overreacting for being upset? Thanks. "
89,"So I have this girlfriend that is the kind of person that has no filter. Every time I have had my shirt off, like when we’re changing before we go out, she makes a comment like “omg you’re boobs are so small !!”. She doesn’t say it in a fully negative way, but it does come off a bit condescending. She’s sort of the type of person that comments on fucking everything, and I like my body, so I never really took much offence to it. I figured she was just stating a fact because she has D cups. 

But the other day she said it in front of all our friends, including guys, when we were all swimming. To be clear, I have B cups, I’m super fit, and she is not. Not to say she’s got a bad body - I typically don’t even comment on or pay attention to other girl’s bodies... but I’m just saying, she’s in no position to be saying negative things about mine. 

Anyway, posting here because when she said that, I had nothing to say back, and I wish I had said something. What would you have done? What should I say next time?

I don’t want her to react all like “wooahh no need to get defensive”. Know what I mean? "
90,"I just wanted to give credit to Giant Bomb East and Vinny for their mention of TotalBiscuit's passing. I fully understand why others have not made comments on it, TB did not always make the best of friends with everyone. I would never judge GB West, Waypoint, or other Giant Bomb related people's for not feeling comfortable commenting on it. However I think Vinny's offer of condolences, especially to TB's wife and family was the right thing to do. In an industry where common decency can be severely lacking at times, these little acts can make it a better place.

People like GB East truly make this the best time to be playing video games."
91,"I need to hide 32 banknotes (mixed denominations) when going through airport security. I come form a third world country where were not allowed to freely take money out.

The airport has both metal detectors and full-body scanners. All belongings have to be put on the belt to be x-rayed. I'll be carrying a carry-on suitcase, a backpack and a thin jackets.

EDIT: third world country I'm talking about here is Morocco, which imposes heavy restrictions on taking money out of the country for its own citizens (regulations usually do not apply to tourists/foreigners)"
92,"According to the book, dolphins are a more advanced race than humans. However humans still have had a long running track record of hunting and slaughtering them for food. Why don't dolphins prevent this or retaliate?"
93,"For the most part, crappy students have crappy parents.  For example, had a parent shadow their child all day for misbehaving and all that parent did all day long was mess around with her phone while not paying attention to her daughter.  And she wonders why her daughter behaves like shit? 

Also the students that take forever to get picked up from school usually have parents that just don’t care and their children’s shitty behavior are prime examples of their shitty parenting.  

What’s your experiences dealing with parents? "
94,"We were together for three and half years. He was divorced with two kids; I was single and I embraced everything about him - excess baggage and all. I never knew what “feeling butterflies” meant before I met him, never knew what falling head over heels meant before he came into my life.

Admittedly, he had a lot of issues - he was still in contact with his ex wife and although, this bothered me, his assurance that they are done for good was all I needed to swallow the pain and jealousy whenever they would all go out as a family with their kids.

A year and half into the relationship, I got pregnant. I was ecstatic but his reaction to the news was somewhat lukewarm. He told me he’s not sure he’s ready for another kid since his first two are both just under eight years old, but that he loves me and maybe we can work it out. I overlooked this statement and forged on with the pregnancy. Unfortunately, I lost the pregnancy. I was pretty shock when he didnt offer to pay for the d&amp;c and not even any of the medications I had for it. His reason was all his money are already slated to be used for his kids’ tuition and whatnot. Listen, even though this was so hurftful, I chose to ignore it because I love him too much and was afraid that he’d leave me if I insist on things.

While I was recuperating (physically and emotionally) from the miscarriage, I didnt know that he was already secretly reconnecting with his wife. He had a promotion and his salary tripled and apparently, this was enough for them to patch things up. When I confronted him, he said that I shouldnt feel threatened and that they are merely talking “as friends.” This went on for a year or so - with me blindly accepting his seemingly diminishing love and attention. My ego was hurt but I’d rather accept scraps than let him go.

Finally, in Feb of this year, I mustered the guts to break things off. Part of me was wishing he’d realize all his mistakes and stop me from breaking up with him. Well, he agreed with the break up and from that point on, he never initiated contact with me. I, on the other hand, couldnt stop myself from texting him. Since Feb, I have asked him twice to get back with me - thinking that maybe we can work it out. 

Twice he turned me down, saying that though he still has feelings for me, he wants to put this children first. The last time we spoke with each other was last month. I’ve been doing okay - I am determined to not contact him because I wanna retain what’s left of my dignity.

However, today was extra hard. I’ve been feeling so low since this morning and I’ve been bawling my eyes out because all these memories of him are running through my mind. I wanna talk to him but I know doing so would only hurt me more. What should I do? How do i move on? How do i forget? Please someone help me. 

"
95,"We were together for three and half years. He was divorced with two kids; I was single and I embraced everything about him - excess baggage and all. I never knew what “feeling butterflies” meant before I met him, never knew what falling head over heels meant before he came into my life.

Admittedly, he had a lot of issues - he was still in contact with his ex wife and although, this bothered me, his assurance that they are done for good was all I needed to swallow the pain and jealousy whenever they would all go out as a family with their kids.

A year and half into the relationship, I got pregnant. I was ecstatic but his reaction to the news was somewhat lukewarm. He told me he’s not sure he’s ready for another kid since his first two are both just under eight years old, but that he loves me and maybe we can work it out. I overlooked this statement and forged on with the pregnancy. Unfortunately, I lost the pregnancy. I was pretty shock when he didnt offer to pay for the d&amp;c and not even any of the medications I had for it. His reason was all his money are already slated to be used for his kids’ tuition and whatnot. Listen, even though this was so hurftful, I chose to ignore it because I love him too much and was afraid that he’d leave me if I insist on things.

While I was recuperating (physically and emotionally) from the miscarriage, I didnt know that he was already secretly reconnecting with his wife. He had a promotion and his salary tripled and apparently, this was enough for them to patch things up. When I confronted him, he said that I shouldnt feel threatened and that they are merely talking “as friends.” This went on for a year or so - with me blindly accepting his seemingly diminishing love and attention. My ego was hurt but I’d rather accept scraps than let him go.

Finally, in Feb of this year, I mustered the guts to break things off. Part of me was wishing he’d realize all his mistakes and stop me from breaking up with him. Well, he agreed with the break up and from that point on, he never initiated contact with me. I, on the other hand, couldnt stop myself from texting him. Since Feb, I have asked him twice to get back with me - thinking that maybe we can work it out. 

Twice he turned me down, saying that though he still has feelings for me, he wants to put this children first. The last time we spoke with each other was last month. I’ve been doing okay - I am determined to not contact him because I wanna retain what’s left of my dignity.

However, today was extra hard. I’ve been feeling so low since this morning and I’ve been bawling my eyes out because all these memories of him are running through my mind. I wanna talk to him but I know doing so would only hurt me more. What should I do? How do i move on? How do i forget? Please someone help me. 

"
96,"It’s kind of surreal to think about. I’ve been dreaming of making my own music since I was a mere child. And now, as of today, my very first album is everywhere. I honestly can’t believe it. It was a shitload of work but it was 100% worth it. I poured everything I had into this project and I can’t wait to do it again.

You really can do anything you put your mind to. Never doubt your ambition. There’s a reason it gives you inspiration and drive. You are so much more talented than you give yourself credit for. If you’re pursuing your dream, you’re already living your best life. Never give up.

Thanks for taking the time to read this. I hope all of you have a fantastic Friday (:"
97,"be very proud of them. I'll also buy the Shanghai Zarya skin tomorrow when I can afford it, regardless of if they win or not. I just want them to win. pls."
98,"[https://www.sbivc.co.jp/](https://www.sbivc.co.jp/)  


Although it is not live, the site has been updated and it looks customer ready. They now have many sub\-pages, including a service overview, a guide on how to deposit/withdraw money, a Q&amp;A about Cryptocurrency Virtual Currency, the risks associated with CryptoCurrencies and how to secure your CryptoCurrencies.  


One thing that I noticed in that in the 'About Cryptocurrency virtual currency' page \([https://www.sbivc.co.jp/support/cryptocurrency/](https://www.sbivc.co.jp/support/cryptocurrency/)\), there is a section 'About individual Virtual Currencies' at the bottom of the page. Currently they have only written about XRP \(and no other Crypto as of yet\).  


I feel that this shows how serious they are about XRP seeing as they have prioritized writing about XRP ahead of BTC/BCC."
99,"Hello everyone,

I wanted to post this personally on behalf of the Player Support, Bug Abuse, Community Management &amp; Content teams.

***

We wanted to update everyone in relation to the recent situation where a number of players abused a bug to gain a significant advantage when fighting Solak. As a result of bug abuse, some of these players were able to defeat Solak and in turn received significant rewards which we feel were gained unfairly.

When a new Boss is released, part of the challenge and excitement is playing through various scenarios to discover the most efficient tactics and approaches to use. For this reason, we have carefully considered whether a player who appears to have abused the bug would have happened upon it by chance (and believed it to be a legitimate tactic), or if there was deliberate intent to exploit an obvious bug.

In this situation, we felt that the experience and caliber of players who were exploiting the bug, combined with the extortionate damage that could be dealt, would lead the players involved to fully realise that this mechanic was not intended.

We are also acutely aware that players who now go on to defeat Solak legitimately, risk their achievements being devalued if the bug abuse of the same content remains unchallenged.

For these reasons, we have decided to track and identify any player who clearly abused the bug whilst it was live. We have now assigned a specialist to review the individual game sessions of every account that killed Solak during the period of time that the bug was live. 

We already know that **252** accounts defeated Solak during this period. Early indications are that the majority of those accounts are legitimate players not involved in abuse, but naturally we need to wait for the full reviews to be completed before we can draw any definitive conclusions.

Conducting those in-depth reviews will take some time as we want to make sure we are fair and do not penalise any legitimate players. At the time of writing, we believe that analysis will be complete by next **Wednesday, 6 June**.

One suspicious account that was reported to us multiple times over night including attempts to sell information / leeches relating to the bug and clearly admitting to carrying out the bug abuse has already been permanently banned.

Following the reviews, any accounts that are confirmed as being involved in a bug abuse situation, will receive an appropriate penalty. Where possible we will keep you updated on our progress, and I’d like to take this opportunity to acknowledge the integrity of the vast majority of players who are enjoying Solak as intended and relishing the challenge presented through fair play and finely tuned PvM skills.  

***

**The RuneScape Team**"
100,"This could be a fun and useful thing to work into your next skill day; 52 Ways To Get Up Off The Floor:

[http://breakingmuscle.com/fitness/take\-the\-stand\-up\-challenge\-52\-ways\-to\-get\-up\-off\-the\-floor](http://breakingmuscle.com/fitness/take-the-stand-up-challenge-52-ways-to-get-up-off-the-floor)

You would want to do a general warm up and your wrist and ankle mobility routine first.

Here's a link directly to the YouTube demonstration: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Af1DtnTLs8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Af1DtnTLs8)"
101,"It's the best career decision I've made so far. It's so great to have the time to do all your shopping and chores outside of the weekend when it's super busy everywhere. I'm also not nearly as mentally drained anymore during the weekends.  

I recommend it to anyone who can do so financially. I was lucky enough to get a salary raise when I decided to work less and I earn about $300 less now but it is worth it."
102,"So Joe Rogan \(who has an otherwise excellent podcast\) invited fringe geologist Robert Schoch onto his podcast to speak about the fringe conspiracy theory that Archaeologists are covering up the true age of the Sphinx, and that it is 10,000 years old or more.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vka2ZgzZTvo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vka2ZgzZTvo)

I am no expert at geology, so I will leave the debunking of this to the experts. I also recognise conspiracy theories are not the aim of the game here at r/badhistory However I did find some time to debunk another fringe topic which Rogan has promoted on his podcast before, for example [here](https://youtu.be/0H5LCLljJho), and [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-hYHqnyhvI). The idea that the Ancient Sumerians knew the earth was round and orbitted the sun. This idea originates with fringe Ufologist Zecharia Sitchin, as is based on this tablet:

[https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=Sumerian\+heliocentrism&amp;rlz=1C1AWFC\_enGB773GB773&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwi3la\-T87LbAhVlL8AKHVYEAf4Q\_AUICigB&amp;biw=1821&amp;bih=882#imgrc=6r7s13QfPexOmM:](https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=Sumerian+heliocentrism&amp;rlz=1C1AWFC_enGB773GB773&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwi3la-T87LbAhVlL8AKHVYEAf4Q_AUICigB&amp;biw=1821&amp;bih=882#imgrc=6r7s13QfPexOmM:)

Which does not show the Sumerian symbol for the sun, which is ALWAYS this:  


[https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=Sumerian\+symbol\+for\+the\+sun&amp;rlz=1C1AWFC\_enGB773GB773&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=iu&amp;ictx=1&amp;fir=Fk\-UjeaihfLgkM&amp;#37;253A&amp;#37;252CSBKgyXOVxRdfWM&amp;#37;252C\_&amp;usg=\_\_\_MBf\-gKUVFUDriM0Ew4RASP3E6w&amp;#37;3D&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjB3ZqM9LLbAhWIIMAKHYRrAS4Q9QEIKzAA#imgrc=F6LbE9tccFtmtM:](https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=Sumerian+symbol+for+the+sun&amp;rlz=1C1AWFC_enGB773GB773&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=iu&amp;ictx=1&amp;fir=Fk-UjeaihfLgkM%253A%252CSBKgyXOVxRdfWM%252C_&amp;usg=___MBf-gKUVFUDriM0Ew4RASP3E6w%3D&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjB3ZqM9LLbAhWIIMAKHYRrAS4Q9QEIKzAA#imgrc=F6LbE9tccFtmtM:)

Furthermore, all Ancient Sumerian depictions of the universe display the earth as a flat disc with the sun moving across the sky. In the Epic of Gilgamesh for example the sun almost catches up with Gilgamesh as it rises \(Gilgamesh was walking through the cave where the sun rose\).

I care about this because Rogan has introduced the idea to rational people, such as Michael Shermer. Even Graham Hancock \(an infamous bad historian\(, should have known better, him being well acquainted with the excellent work of Sitchin debunker Michael Heiser, whose work on the Nephilim he quotes in his recent book.

I wrote a blog post on this subject here:  


[https://riderontheclouds.wordpress.com/2018/05/31/no\-joe\-rogan\-the\-sumerians\-didnt\-know\-the\-earth\-was\-round\-and\-orbiting\-the\-sun/](https://riderontheclouds.wordpress.com/2018/05/31/no-joe-rogan-the-sumerians-didnt-know-the-earth-was-round-and-orbiting-the-sun/)"
103,"After attempting to murder big al, I’m glad to see LeBron will at least take care of JR for us. In all seriousness though, what a dumbass lmao"
104,"Frodo, Sam, Mery, and Pippin get the Ring to Rivendell, then leave as quickly as they can back to the Shire to live out their lives with an attempt at normalcy.

At the Council of Elrond, after a great deal of arguing and discussion, it's eventually decided that Aragorn will bear the ring to Mordor. Gandalf, Legolas, Gimli, and Boromir end up accompanying him. Does the absence of the hobbits help or harm the group's chances of success?

Assume that Aragorn can keep the Ring's corruption at bay long enough to get to the Crack of Doom."
105,"Well, my first post on this site, but I've been reading here for awhile, and on other boards for many years.  It's finally the last day - I pushed it back a few weeks on client request to handle a large project point today, which is mostly complete now, and I'm finally calling it done.

For background, I'm (very) late 30s, retiring from Engineering (mostly civil, finishing up doing construction/project management), have worked for the same firm in numerous roles (high-speed trains, roadway design, construction, expert witness, etc) for over 15 years now.  No kids, married a few years ago, bought a condo in a HCOL city in 2006, but had a special offer that ended up more than covering the market crash losses, and could rent it out for more than my carrying costs if we decide on some longer-term travel.

For references, we spend under $40k/year, and mostly it's been engineering type retirement planning - long slow push hard in the right direction.  I've been saving around 50% of income for over a decade, tracking on a homemade spreadsheet for about 14 years. I never quite broke 6 figures in base salary, but with my hobby job and straight-time overtime added in, I probably made it over a couple of years recently.

Heading back out to finish up and then to celebrate out with some coworkers, but wanted to share with the like-minded people here.  A lot of unlucky things could have derailed it, but doing it also made me a lot more resilient to bad luck along the way and has given us a lot of options going forward.

Good luck everyone, and fair winds!!"
106,"I've asked a question before about how to play a barre without clanging or muted notes. I'm wondering - is it this difficult for everyone? Some barre chords I'm fine with but if I have to change to it in a song, I'll almost always hit a muted string. "
107,"I was playing a game online and I was trying my best to contribute to the team but sadly- I suck. Then some guy said “Hey (my gamer tag) thanks, fuckhead, hope you fuckin die.” When we lost the match. Then I got banned. 

Normal people would shake this off right? Nope. Not me. I’m laying here at 3:30 am contemplating how useless I feel. I feel like I wasted everyone’s time and truthfully I feel like shit. 

I can’t sleep now, and I have to work tomorrow. What do? (I’m sorry for the stupidity of this post but seriously, I’m so messed up because I feel like my best wasn’t good enough)"
108,"There's nothing I hate more than a rushed campaign, that ends up being railroaded by nothing more than the immense time pressure on the players. ""Hey dudes, the world is ending in six days, in that time, you have to do x, y, z, defeat a, b, c, d, and e, and then face down the big bad in his lair. This adventure should cover about ten levels. If you don't win perfectly, everyone dies, the world gets sucked into a black hole, and I'm burning all of your books.""

PCs need downtime, but I don't think time limits are all bad. To that end, I gave my players a two month time limit to accomplish *one* thing that I clearly stated should take about two weeks. Even with a massively loose timeframe, they've been rushing like men and women possessed, to the point that I've been describing the pitiful plight of their horses just to get them to slow down a *little*. They've been ignoring *treasure* and plot hooks like nobody's business, and the only successful detour I've gotten them to take was by appealing to the eccentric cleric's extreme hate for the undead. Have any of you run into this sort of behaviour? How do you slow down the party without removing their agency?"
109,"- Don't buy stocks based on reddit or what your buddies are talking about. Do your DD, and trust your judgement based on the facts you've learned.

- Buy or enter a position when the price is below your valuation. Maybe the market had a bad day or there's garbage news floating around. 

- Don't catch falling knives. This is gambling.

- Stick to 5-8 positions at one time so you don't go insane tracking them. 

- History does repeat itself. So do businesses, and people. Take that how you will.

- Hivemind is very really when it comes to the market. There are trends people create. Use that to your advantage, and once in a blue moon, it makes sense to bet against people. 

- Everything is priced in. Always. Time in is always more important than trying to time your entrance because you can't predict volatility."
110,"2003 M's were 36-18 after finishing play on May 31st.

The only other Mariners teams to even be over .500 since were 2007 (26-24), 2011 (28-26), and 2016 (30-21)

The Mariners were 16-11 in March and April and 18-11 in May, making them only the second Mariners team since 2003 to be over .500 at the end of both April and May (the 2016 Mariners were 13-10 at the end of April; the 2007 Mariners were 10-10 and the 2011 Mariners were 13-15)"
111,"Leia's memory of her mother are force visions and not a real memory, but she doesn't know they're force visions, Leia would have no idea what force visions are so she would just think their normal memories. She's describing the memory of a force vision to Luke when she says she remembers her mother.

She describes the ""memories"" as being ""just images and feelings"", and that she was ""beautiful, kind, and sad"". Leia's ""remembering"" Padme from when she died giving birth and it was a force vision not a memory


That's it. Thanks for reading.


Edit: [added the video link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHzom2Ka1kI)"
112,"Any fathers looking to chat with fathers ? 

Let’s exchange stories , worries and goals as fathers togther !  I’d like to meet all types of fathers ! I’d also love to hear  your experiences and progression in everyday life as a father .

I’m also having a group chat pm your I’d  
( no immaturity or racist remarks )


"
113,"I was working the cashier one day at Walmart\(Surprise!\) when I heard this lady call for an associate at the self checkout, and since I seemed to be the closest one I went to see what it was. This lady had an obscene amount of food in her cart, and she was really overweight and pretty trashy looking in general. She said she was a little short on cash and if I could help her out, then I saw her deficit was over $80, and I politely told her that she would have to put some of things from her cart back. She got really angry, and said ""I've got 5 kids at home and I need to feed them, I thought you were supposed to help customers!"", I told her that she was short $84 and I couldn't do anything. My manager must've heard her temper tantrum and she asked what was happening, I explained, all the while this lady was actually crying, my manager told me I could go, and she dealt with the lady. Like an hour later my manager asked me if I tried to get the lady to HAVE SEX with me for me to pay for her groceries. I was appalled, I told her that I said no such thing, and luckily my manager understood, and I never heard anything about it afterwards."
114,"Deuce. Or that's what I called him is the white goose with the orange bill that roamed west campus. He looked like a duck but biologically is a goose and roamed with the geese, hense the name. If you're a student or staff that drives Olentangy, Kenny or med center you've probably noticed him. It looks like he got hit on the med center bridge near the towers. I never saw him have any offspring or a partner and he usually traveled alone. He was a simple being. I am not a fan of geese but Deuce was chill. He's been on campus for 2 years and made his home here even during migrations. I would always look out the window and yell ""DEUCE"" at him and he would look my direction. It's like the campus albino squirrel incident all over again. RIP"
115,"So you’re going to add a confirmation screen to see if we “really” want to buy the free llamas...

But the ones that actually cost vbucks, you can still accidentally buy them?? 

I don’t mean to sound ungrateful for free stuff, but what is that about?? 

Please add confirmation screens to EVERYTHING.  "
116,"&gt;As far as homosexuality goes, I believe the Bible puts the death penalty on it ... I believe it’s the government’s job to execute criminals. ... It’s one of the worst crimes ever ... By whatever means they execute people. And obviously, I believe in humane, you know, putting to death

Hey, a statement that's horrible enough for reddit to disagree with it. Lets hope /r/atheism has some reasonable responses, and doesn't resort to using homopho—

&gt;he might have just won the award for the world's most closeted homosexual [\[+141\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/8nnzja/22yearold_christian_preacher_clarifies_that_he/dzx413p/)

&gt;&gt;Dudes so deep he can see Narnia. [\[+40\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/8nnzja/22yearold_christian_preacher_clarifies_that_he/dzxcv8w/?context=1)

Because only a gay person could possibly be this homophobic. 

&gt;He's clearly gay himself [\[+81\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/8nnzja/22yearold_christian_preacher_clarifies_that_he/dzx19re/)

Clear as mud.
&gt;How soon until he's caught doing blow off an underage male hooker's ass? [\[+223\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/8nnzja/22yearold_christian_preacher_clarifies_that_he/dzx0yd1/)

We need to specify a *male* child, because that makes him gay. Implying he's a child rapist just isn't as bad as him being a *gay* child rapist.

&gt;My only question is why he's blushing so much. [\[+71\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/8nnzja/22yearold_christian_preacher_clarifies_that_he/dzwyqpt/)
&gt;&gt;Probably getting his dick sucked by another man [\[+93\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/8nnzja/22yearold_christian_preacher_clarifies_that_he/dzwyu4l/?context=1)
&gt;&gt;&gt;As long as the other man is sucking humanely... gently... but with a little pressure... [\[+26\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/8nnzja/22yearold_christian_preacher_clarifies_that_he/dzwz3xu/?context=2)

A homophobe couldn't possibly be straight. He must be getting his dick sucked.

---

And here's a bonus one from /r/ainbow:

&gt;20 bucks says hes banging dudes in secret already
 [\[+24\]](https://www.reddit.com/r/ainbow/comments/8nqxip/22yearold_christian_preacher_clarifies_that_he/dzxm3mz/)
"
117,Cavs fans shaking their fists at bad calls and star bias. When we play him the refs make him untouchable and all I ever hear is GOAT. Wild. 
118,For me it was MSU’s kickoff returner downing the ball inside the 10 to start a drive against Notre Dame after blowing a 16-point fourth quarter lead in 2006. At that point you could tell the team lost its mind and was victim of the moment. 
119,"&gt; *Morris:* Did you know the toad venom contained 5-MeO-DMT?

&gt; *Savinelli:* No

&gt; *Morris:* So you had no idea what was in the toad venom when you turned it into a smokable substance?

&gt; *Savinelli:* No

([Source](https://youtu.be/00jbzI4bcUw?t=766)) 

Someone who is good at statistics, please tell me the odds of someone finding a Toad that happens to have an endogenous reserve of psychoactive venom.

"
120,"The Marvel / Netflix deal was extremely successful for Marvel.  It has resulted in six shows (Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, Iron Fist, Defenders and Punisher), five of them which are on going.  It has also done a lot for the reputation of Marvel TV.  Imagine if the only Marvel shows were Agents of SHIELD, Agent Carter and Inhumans.  Without the Netflix deal we probably wouldn't have had Runaways, Cloak and Dagger, Gifted or Legion.  These shows are probably all expensive to produce.

That being said, the Netflix deal was signed by Marvel back when they didn't know that Disney would one day have multiple streaming services competing with Netflix.  Granted, the Netflix series would never have been green lit for the Disney streaming service but the Netflix series would have been a good fit on Hulu.  The problem may have been Netflix was the more popular service and would have been able to provide better bid.  The Netflix shows may be low budget compared to the movies but the budget other formats would have been willing to provide may simply have been nonexistent.  How cheap is Cloak and Dagger going to look?  

It's not as if they could move the Netflix shows to Hulu.

https://deadline.com/2018/01/netflix-reed-hastings-disney-fox-1202266787/

“As long as they keep making those shows, they continue on Netflix,” said Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos. “Our Marvel series that Disney produces for us — we own those shows. They run until we cancel them.”

So while Disney owns the underlying intellectual property for Jessica Jones, Daredevil or Luke Cage, the Netflix shows based on these comic-book characters remain the streaming service’s property. “We get to use them for a very long time,” said Hastings.

Then there's the question as to whether Hulu could afford to pay for more Marvel shows besides Runaways.  I would like to think they could because Netflix doesn't seem to be adding any new Marvel shows any time soon.  "
121,"We are thrilled to announce a one hour live YouTube AMA with David Sønstebø, Dominik Schiener, and Ralf Rottmann, the current members of the IOTA Foundation’s Board of Directors. 

David, Dom, and Ralf will answer your questions live, so please come prepared with some good ones. To get the ball rolling, also please feel free to post in this thread about some topics that you’d like to see covered. And remember, no questions about Q will be answered in this AMA -- so save those for the next one!

Please check back here at 4PM CET for a link to the event.
"
122,"Remember back in 2009\-2011? Getting that first cmd wallet. Bitcoin forums. 10,000 bitcoins for 2 pizzas. First transactions. Mining bitcoins on a cpu meant to play starcraft 1. Magic the gathering online exchange. Back then, high hopes were 1 btc would someday be worth $10. Someday it would moon, and the dude with 5,000 bitcoins would be able to pay off his suburban home for hodling. Buying a btc mining pc with student loan money. Lying to the folks over $20 that was meant for groceries but spent on btc. Selling said btc due to needing to pay rent.

People in iota right now think that the moon is $10 or $25 or even $40. haha. I have seen this roadshow before, and I know where it ends in 10 years. Iota has the scaling power bitcoin and ethereum never had before, and never will have. Ethereum can shard and casper and metropolis their way hither and thither, but they are just splitting up their kingdom into tiny fiefdoms, and trying to use rule of law to run the kingdom. Iota is a single monolithic, single minded entity. It has never been forked, \(and probably never will be, due to no miners\) It has greater throughput aka scaling and it has better data storage due to supporting trinary.

Picture a city of the future. The air is thick with drones. The skyscrapers press up against each other casting the streets into gloom. The walkways and catwalks are overcrowded because it is faster to walk or take public transportation than to drive to work. Shops on every corner selling devices and items you are unfamiliar with, for currency you heard of in the ancient days of 2018. Take in the smell. That's the smell of a 2,779,530,283,277,761 iota economy. What's an iota? Well, 200 iota will buy you a burger. 1 miota will buy you a decent hoverboard, or an old style gas car.  1giota is a fortune.

In 10 years, the US dollar will have inflated at 2&amp;#37; per year. That is slightly over 20&amp;#37; devaluation from today, counting compounding inflation. The current US boom will have collapsed in a spectacular bust. Industries will have toppled, and power will have become ever more concentrated in the hands of a few. Elon may have done his first mars trip. It might even have been manned. Coastal flooding will have forced the retreat of thousands of people. Homes will be built sturdier or not at all in hurricane country as the storms get fiercer. Worst case scenarios for global warming will be in full swing. Human overpopulation will be worse than ever. Lifespan will be tied more and more to wealth as the aging rich get to afford life extending treatments. Flying taxi cars will be a thing, as will quadcopter style hoverboards. Amazon delivery drones will be everywhere. Charging stations for drones will be everywhere, and AI will have made serious leaps and bounds. The cutting edge google AI bots that do natural language processing will be able to hold complex rational arguments. Many jobs will have been automated and even jobs that people think are immune to automation will be gone. Businesses will cater to machine, cyborg and human customers, and AI will be giving humans a very stiff run for their money. Even jobs requiring a human touch will be in deep competition with the synthetics.

The technology to keep a human brain alive in a jar after death will be a thing. It won't be used often, but we will be able to do it. Automated swarm technology will be a thing. Cybernetic implants will be a thing. Personal AI will be a thing. Ever taller skyscrapers and ever broader megapolis will be a thing. Mind reading hardware with AI to interpret thoughts will be a thing. And where will iota be?

Well, for starters, none of the machines will pay in dollars. Traders will use iota with smart contracts and leverage them to control other assets. The tangle will be multiple terabytes in size, if not petabytes. Tangle smart contracts will replace legal agreements. Maidsafe will have integrated with the tangle, and tangle permanodes will run on maidsafe virtual nodes, if the tangle doesn't straight up push its own virtual nodes.

If you have ever seen the movie ghost in the shell, that is what the future will look like. And iota is the currency that world will run on. So, remember the days when bitcoin was $1, and bitcoin moon was $10. Remember the days when Iota was $1.50 and iota moon was $15. Because in ten years, 1 iota may very well be worth 1 penny.

Stock up, because the coming world isn't a cakewalk, and it's not a world any of us would think of as idyllic, but we will be damned if we don't walk into that world as rich as kings."
123,"# What is Waltonchain?

Waltonchain is the only truly decentralized platform combining blockchain with the Internet of Things \(IoT\) via RFID technology. Their blockchain is implemented in the foundational layer, through their unique, patented RFID chips, which are able to read and write directly to the blockchain, creating a genuine, trustworthy, and traceable business ecosystem, with complete data sharing and absolute information transparency.

## Official Sources

* Waltonchain [Whitepaper](https://www.waltonchain.org/doc/Waltonchain-whitepaper_en_20180208.pdf)
* Waltonchain [Official Site](https://www.waltonchain.org/)
* Waltonchain [Official Medium](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN)
* Waltonchain [Github](https://github.com/WaltonChain/)
* Waltonchain [Chinese Twitter](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain)
* Waltonchain [English Twitter](https://twitter.com/waltonchain_en)
* Waltonchain [Korean Twitter](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain_KOR)
* Waltonchain [Slack](https://waltonchain.slack.com/)
* Waltonchain [Telegram](https://t.me/waltonchain_en)

## Walton [Wallet](https://github.com/WaltonChain/WaltonWallet_Win_x64)

* Waltonchain [Explorer](http://waltonchain.net/#/main)
* Waltonchain [Windows Wallet User Manual](https://www.waltonchain.org/templets/default/doc/Waltonchain_Windows_Wallet_User_Manual.pdf)
* Waltonchain [Web Wallet User Manual](https://www.waltonchain.org/templets/default/doc/Web_Wallet_User_Manual.pdf)
* Waltonchain [Blockchain Explorer User Manual](https://www.waltonchain.org/templets/default/doc/Waltonchain_Blockchain_Explorer_User_Manual.pdf)
* Waltonchain [Progressive Mining Reward Program](https://www.waltonchain.org/templets/default/doc/Waltonchain_Progressive_Mining_Reward_Program.pdf)

## Unofficial

* [r/WaltonchainMining](https://www.reddit.com/r/WaltonchainMining) \- For all your mining needs
* [Unofficial Guardian Masternode Tracker](https://wtc-gmn-tracker.herokuapp.com/)
* [waltonchain.tech](https://waltonchain.tech/) \- Unofficial collection of news and useful resources

## The Team

# ----&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [Waltonchain Organizational Chart](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DbJp8zOVAAAgnxz.jpg) &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;----

* [The Team \(pt.I\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/6yqpd4/the_dream_team/)
* [The Team \- The Engineers \(pt. II\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/6z8yxa/the_engineers_the_dream_team_2/)
* [The Team \- Angel Investors &amp; Advisors \(pt. III\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/6zbeta/angel_investors_advisors_the_dream_team_3/)
* [WaltonChain Office Tour](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGbbcnyXnnk&amp;feature=youtu.be)
* [Meet the team #1: Xu Fangcheng](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/74nkmp/meet_the_team_1_xu_fangcheng/)
* [Meet the team #2: South Korean Team](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/75fhkd/meet_the_team_2_office_in_south_korea/)
* [Meet the team #3: Wei Songjie](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/75puw3/meet_the_team_3_wei_songjie/)
* [Meet the team #4: Suk Ki Kim](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/76cmec/meet_the_team_4_suk_ki_kim/)
* [Meet the team #5: Lin Herui](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/775e5v/meet_the_team_5_lin_herui/)
* [Meet the team #6: Bing Mok \(CEO\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/78ead4/meet_the_team_6_bing_mok_ceo_of_waltonchain/)

## Partnerships

* [Alibaba Cloud](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/smart-city-founders-alibaba-cloud-waltonchain-subsidiary-zhongchuan-iot-sign-strategic-97ccc27ce7bf)
* [China Mobile IoT Alliance](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/952743334669250560)
* [Xiamen Branch of China Telecom Corporation Limited](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-affiliate-citylink-joins-hands-with-china-telecom-to-promote-the-xiamen-smart-a5ba70ca7557)
* [Zhangzhou Branch of China Telecom Corporation Limited](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-affiliate-xiamen-citylink-technology-signed-a-partnership-with-zhangzhou-branch-of-d2591c2a019f)
* [Fujian IoT Industry Association](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-project-director-elected-the-vice-president-of-fujian-iot-industry-association-e17c27335aa1)
* [""Smart Oceans"" blockchain R&amp;D project with Fujian Provincial Government](http://tech.china.com/article/20170827/2017082753050.html)
* [Air purification and smart monitoring project with Jinhu Provincial Government](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005f18edbf015f198371340006)
* [Building ""Blockchain Silicon Valley"" with Taiwan Cloud and Fujian Provincial Government](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/932657405480935424)
* [Freyrchain](http://www.freyrchain.org/index.html)
* [Huodull Technology](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-provides-global-leading-blockchain-cross-border-logistics-solution-7571ad04a2f2)
* [Ishijah](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-subsidiary-iot-technology-partnered-with-ishijah-1f65d84b37ce)
* [Loci](https://medium.com/@John_Loci/waltonchain-partners-with-loci-389fea2f3a3c)
* [Shenzhen Card Cube Smart Technology co., Ltd](https://medium.com/@thelatemercutio/the-waltonchain-2018-annual-meeting-eight-strategic-agreements-and-a-brand-new-image-5af012bc0457)
* [NIDS Sensor Technology](https://medium.com/@thelatemercutio/the-waltonchain-2018-annual-meeting-eight-strategic-agreements-and-a-brand-new-image-5af012bc0457)
* [Mobius](https://medium.com/@thelatemercutio/the-waltonchain-2018-annual-meeting-eight-strategic-agreements-and-a-brand-new-image-5af012bc0457)
* [Kaltendin](https://medium.com/@thelatemercutio/the-waltonchain-2018-annual-meeting-eight-strategic-agreements-and-a-brand-new-image-5af012bc0457)
* [Yunnan Yunshanghuaxia Trading co., Ltd.](https://medium.com/@thelatemercutio/the-waltonchain-2018-annual-meeting-eight-strategic-agreements-and-a-brand-new-image-5af012bc0457)
* [JU&amp;KE Creative Design](https://medium.com/@thelatemercutio/the-waltonchain-2018-annual-meeting-eight-strategic-agreements-and-a-brand-new-image-5af012bc0457)
* [ArtCrypto](https://medium.com/@thelatemercutio/huge-news-from-the-2018-waltonchain-annual-meeting-a-full-overview-156afe384ea9)
* [Fanfangxiang Culture &amp; Media co., Ltd.](https://medium.com/@thelatemercutio/the-waltonchain-2018-annual-meeting-eight-strategic-agreements-and-a-brand-new-image-5af012bc0457)
* [Shenzhen M&amp;A Association of Listed Companies](https://medium.com/@thelatemercutio/the-waltonchain-2018-annual-meeting-eight-strategic-agreements-and-a-brand-new-image-5af012bc0457)
* [Septwolves](http://tech.china.com/article/20170827/2017082753048.html)
* [Fuguiniao](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/73j7z4/waltonchain_first_ama_questions_answers/)
* [SMEN](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/73j7z4/waltonchain_first_ama_questions_answers/)
* [Kehua](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/73j7z4/waltonchain_first_ama_questions_answers/)
* [Lipson Plastic](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/73j7z4/waltonchain_first_ama_questions_answers/)
* [Xiangyu Group](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/73j7z4/waltonchain_first_ama_questions_answers/)
* [TANYU](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/73j7z4/waltonchain_first_ama_questions_answers/)
* [JoeOne](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/73j7z4/waltonchain_first_ama_questions_answers/)
* [Guangdong Original Clothing Trading Center](http://m.waltonchain.org/en/news_show_n_000000005f18edbf015f1993f5b90007.html)
* [Lalabobo](http://www.lalabobo.com/)
* [Direct delivery](http://tech.china.com/article/20170826/2017082652997.html?qq-pf-to=pcqq.c2c)
* [Fujian Soonbox Logistics Park](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005f1a18ca015f1a4515ff0000)
* [KISA and Korean IoT research centre](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005f1a18ca015f1b5a616e000a)
* [Korea University engineering department](http://tech.china.com/article/20170712/2017071239958.html)
* [Sungkyun Technologies](https://www.sungkyuntec.com/)
* [NH Tech](http://waltonchain.org/en/partners/)
* [NC Technologies](http://waltonchain.org/en/partners/)
* [NanKang City Furniture industry](http://finance.sina.com.cn/roll/2017-08-16/doc-ifyixipt2002478.shtml)
* [Taiwan Cloud Association](http://tech.china.com/article/20170703/2017070337823.html)
* [Fuyao Glass Industry Group co., Ltd](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/7ofapx/waltonchain_is_partnered_with_fuyao_glass/?utm_source=reddit-android)
* [Kediheng](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005f1a18ca015f1b525d7c0009)
* [Silictec](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/6z1es7/silicon_one_of_the_companies_behind_waltonchain/)
* [Sinolink Securites](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/6z56jj/walton_has_16_partners_sinolink_securities_a_5b/)
* [Coinlink](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005f6de19c015fa5c9ddeb0005)
* [Coinnest](https://twitter.com/waltonchain/status/950963650948296704)
* [SwftCoin](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/957092640394166273)
* [Jiangsu Zhongke Internet of Things Technology Venture Capital Co., Ltd.](https://medium.com/@thelatemercutio/waltonchain-is-partnered-with-jiangsu-zhongke-internet-of-things-technology-venture-capital-co-e4b989d179e2)
* [Fujian C\-TOP Electronics co., Ltd.](https://medium.com/@thelatemercutio/waltonchain-is-partnered-with-fujian-st-electronics-co-ltd-d767122604b0)
* [Foshan Haichen Technology co., Ltd.](http://waltonchaintech.co.kr/06partner/s_1.php)
* [Xiamen Aerolite Technology co., Ltd.](http://waltonchaintech.co.kr/06partner/s_1.php)
* [Aston](https://www.aston.company/)

[Waltonchain Government Affiliations Infographic](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/950668288962347009)

[Waltonchain Business Affiliations Infographic](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/7qjykr/i_made_a_summarizing_business_affiliations/)

[Summary of Some of Waltonchain's Government and Business Partnerships](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/7jyyli/summary_of_some_of_waltonchains_government_and/)

## Child Chains

* [Freyrchain](http://www.freyrchain.org/index.html) \- [r/Freyrchain](https://www.reddit.com/r/Freyrchain/) \- The world’s first blockchain\-based collectibles data authenticity platform

# Recent News

* [Waltonchain Invited to the ""Explore Invengo"" Event of the ""Secret of Smart Retail"" Campaign](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-invited-to-the-explore-invengo-event-of-the-secret-of-smart-retail-campaign-f4f6db339dd9)
* [Brazil's Leading E\-commerce Company B2W Visited Waltonchain](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/brazils-leading-e-commerce-company-b2w-visited-waltonchain-cad9a8cd74c8)
* [IoT's World Leading Unmanned Clothing Retail Store Solution Highly Recognized by Xiamen Municipal Development and Reform Commission](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/iots-world-leading-unmanned-clothing-retail-store-solution-highly-recognized-by-xiamen-municipal-ee1466096baf)
* [Waltonchain COO Mr. Chen Zhangrong Invited to 2018 FINWISE SUMMIT \- Tokyo and Delivered a Keynote Speech](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-coo-mr-6d02316cf144)
* [Waltonchain Invited to the 2018 China International Big Data Industry Expo in Guiyang](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-invited-to-the-2018-china-international-big-data-industry-expo-in-guiyang-d0b8cd7dc113)
* [3rd Session of Waltonchain Blockchain Meetup Held in Gungzhou, Guangdong](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/3rd-session-of-waltonchain-blockchain-meetup-held-in-guangzhou-guangdong-3a5a43e116b1)
* [Waltonchain Invited to Press Conference of ""Zero Distance to Blockchain"" TV Program by Shenzhen Media Group](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-invited-to-press-conference-of-zero-distance-to-blockchain-tv-program-by-shenzhen-f4dc4cd1fea9)
* [Waltonchain Attended Huobi \- Central Crypto Summit &amp; Trading Executive Program](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-attended-huobi-central-crypto-summit-and-trading-executive-program-f454be6d1fb5)
* [Waltonchain Visited Shenzen Retail Business Association &amp; Started Corporate Negotiations](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-invited-to-visit-shenzhen-retail-business-association-and-discussed-future-cooperation-4585a68004a0)
* [Waltonchain Awarded the Most Promising Blockchain IoT Solution of the Year](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-awarded-the-most-promising-blockchain-iot-solution-of-the-year-603232305384)
* [Linking 100 Cities Waltonchain Drives the Future of Blockchain](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/linking-100-cities-waltonchain-drives-the-future-of-blockchain-ae7bebdf1993)
* [Announcement on the WTC Wallet iOS Release](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/announcement-on-the-wtc-wallet-ios-release-207802a588a1)

## News and Awards

* [Announcement on the WTC Wallet Android Release](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/announcement-on-the-wtc-wallet-android-release-5b5715d42133)
* [Blockchain \+ Retail: the Product of the New Era](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/blockchain-retail-the-product-of-the-new-era-aceb006f8cf3)
* [Waltonchain Brought You Smart Heated Insoles — the Most Eye\-Popping Futuristic Tech](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-brought-you-smart-heated-insoles-the-most-eye-popping-futuristic-tech-44a975127e39)
* [Waltonchain Invited to 2018 China IoT CEO Thousand Conference as China’s №1 Blockchain \+ IoT Company](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-invited-to-2018-china-iot-ceo-thousand-conference-as-chinas-1-blockchain-iot-883bbfa68400)
* [Representative Director of NIDS \(Korea\) Professor Hwang Hak In Visited KEDIHENG](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/representative-director-of-nids-korea-professor-hwang-hak-in-visited-kediheng-25e5e191ceec)
* [Organization Chart Update!](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/986967975482736640)
* [Waltonchain Provides Global Leading Blockchain \+ Cross\-Border Logistics Solution](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-provides-global-leading-blockchain-cross-border-logistics-solution-7571ad04a2f2)
* [Citylink Awarded the Best Application Solution Award at the Annual IoT Star Award 2017](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/citylink-awarded-the-best-application-solution-award-at-the-annual-iot-star-award-2017-e6d37db5b049)
* [Waltonchain Progressive Mining Reward Program](https://www.waltonchain.org/templets/default/doc/Waltonchain_Progressive_Mining_Reward_Program.pdf)
* [Waltonchain Initial GMN Airdrop](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-initial-gmn-airdrop-ddf3f049a341)
* [Good things comes to those who wait](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/980790468907712512)
* [Waltonchain Mainnet Official Launch](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/980079136516464640)
* [Waltonchain CEO Mo Bing announcing the official launch of Waltonchain Mainnet](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/980057682101993472)
* [Waltonchain Co\-organized the Cross\-Strait IoT Summit &amp; 2018 Workshop on Advanced Wireless Communications, Networks, and IOT Applications](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-co-organized-the-cross-strait-iot-summit-2018-workshop-on-advanced-wireless-e06e557eb65f)
* [Waltonchain subsidiary, IOT Technology, Received Support Fund for Jimei District Xiamen City](https://www.waltonchain.org/en/news/events/204.html)
* [Waltonchain’s First Child Chain Freyrchain Debuted at the 2018 TokenSky Blockchain Conference](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchains-first-child-chain-freyrchain-debuted-at-the-2018-tokensky-blockchain-conference-666f5b3ae5c4)
* [Waltonchain Project Director Elected the Vice President of Fujian IoT Industry Association](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/971326551051722752)
* [Smart City Founders, Alibaba Cloud &amp; Waltonchain Subsidiary Zhongchuan IoT, Sign Strategic Partnership](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/smart-city-founders-alibaba-cloud-waltonchain-subsidiary-zhongchuan-iot-sign-strategic-97ccc27ce7bf)
* [Waltonchain Affiliate, Citylink, Joins Hands with China Telecom to Promote the Xiamen Smart Community Pilot Project](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-affiliate-citylink-joins-hands-with-china-telecom-to-promote-the-xiamen-smart-a5ba70ca7557)
* [Waltonchain Invited to attend 2018 IoT Industry Outlook and Policy Forum in Korea](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-invited-to-2018-iot-industry-outlook-and-policy-forum-747640ed5baa)
* [Waltonchain Partners with Loci](https://medium.com/@John_Loci/waltonchain-partners-with-loci-389fea2f3a3c)
* [RFID \+ IoT Global Leader, Waltonchain To Partner With Loci](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/loci-to-partner-with-waltonchain-rfid-iot-global-leader-2be9d19e643)
* [Waltonchain to co\-host Tokensky event](http://nowis.kr/tokensky/index.asp)
* [Waltonchain Affiliate Xiamen Citylink Technology Signed a Partnership with Zhangzhou Branch of China Telecom Corporation Limited](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-affiliate-xiamen-citylink-technology-signed-a-partnership-with-zhangzhou-branch-of-d2591c2a019f)
* [The summary for Waltonchain Annual Meeting — Blockchain Application Trends Forum themed “IoT Revolution, Common Future in the Chip Era”](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/the-summary-for-waltonchain-annual-meeting-blockchain-application-trends-forum-themed-iot-fc0f17acea1e)
* [Waltonchain CSO Mr. Huang Weihua signed a strategic agreement with SWFTCOIN CTO Mr. Ma Zhanlei](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/957092640394166273)
* [Announcement of the 2018 Waltonchain Annual Meeting with a Strategic Agreements Signing Ceremony](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/955482434736410629)
* [Waltonchain Won the 2018 Outstanding Blockchain Company Award of the 1st Summit Forum of Blockchain in Southeast Asia](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-won-the-2018-outstanding-blockchain-company-award-93ad668d47)
* [Waltonchain is pleased to announce that we will be working with China Mobile IoT Alliance on a global initiative to incorporate Waltonchain IoT in 2018!](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/952024577713975296)
* [Waltonchain Project Director Lin Herui was Invited to Attend Beidou IoT Global Launch Conference &amp; IoT Innovation and Development Conference](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=ff808181608355d40160e40cf3de0006)
* [Waltonchain reaches strategic partnership with Coinnest to boost blockchain industry development](https://twitter.com/waltonchain/status/950963650948296704)
* [Nanjing Sleewa Information Technology Co., Ltd. Grand opening](http://m.waltonchain.org/news_show_n_ff808181608355d401609bdc3ca60003.html)
* [World's First One\-Click PoS \+ PoW Wallet/Miner](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain_EN/status/944283015143759874?s=09)
* [The Interview with Waltonchain CEO Dr. Mo Bing by Coinnest CEO Mr. Kim Ik Hwan Winded up with Great Success](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/the-interview-with-waltonchain-ceo-dr-4fe19d165243)
* [Waltonchain Awarded the “Outstanding Blockchain Technology Service Provider in 2017"" in China BTAS 2017](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-awarded-the-outstanding-blockchain-technology-service-provider-in-2017-in-china-btas-df0fd1322ccf)
* [Waltonchain was the feature presentation at the first\-ever Coinlink investor meetup, Seoul](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-was-the-feature-presentation-at-the-first-ever-coinlink-investor-meetup-seoul-fd0df7f8eb5f)
* [Professor Kim receives “Double\-Hundred Project” Award](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/dr-kim-flew-in-from-korea-to-visit-xiamen-government-leaders-accompanied-by-our-initiator-xu-e6bbeb6391f)
* [CAST\-USA Members Visit Citylink](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/citylink-welcomed-dr-a0f91afa341e)
* [IOT Technology and Taiwan Cloud Service Association Signed a Cross\-Strait Cooperation Agreement on Blockchain Talent Bases](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005faeedb8015fdc5389d90002)
* [Waltonchain joins hands with Coinlink to Promote the Development of Blockchain Industry](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005f6de19c015fa5c9ddeb0005)
* [WTC is celebrating our 100th day of trading by introducing something revolutionary：Guardian Masternodes](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/7fxwqv/wtc_is_celebrating_our_100th_day_of_trading_by/)
* [Citylink wins the Outstanding Product award at the Global IoT Summit 2017](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/citylink-wins-the-outstanding-product-award-at-the-global-iot-summit-2017-b4b5f1aaed12)
* [Silictec \(Quanzhou\) Settled In Three Chuang Yuan, and Won the Start\-Up Capital 3000000 Yuan](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005f6de19c015f9ece1d0f0004)
* [The Preliminary Results of the 2nd Session of China Blockchain Technology Innovation Application Competition Are Officially Released](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005f4974a1015f589b56c50000)
* [Waltonchain Awarded a ""Strait Elite Talents"" award by the Fujian Provincial Government](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/AzTfAF2-E-WBRQk_sg1i8g)
* [KEDIHENG, a cooperative enterprise of Waltonchain project appeared in the Third China PoC Industry Chain Conference](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005f1a18ca015f1b525d7c0009)
* [Xu Fangcheng, the principal of a subsidiary of Silike Group\- Jinjiang Silicon which is the Chinese technical support party of Waltonchain Foundation, participated in the microelectronics project docking meeting, and Deputy Mayor Wang gave guidance](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005f1a18ca015f1b439ee10008)
* [Mr. Li Dejin, Vice\-Governor of Fujian Province, Visited Chenglian and IOT \(Walton chain Project\) Booths](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005f1a18ca015f1b3cebb80007)
* [Waltonchain project team and Korea Korea University Engineering Department reached a cooperation intention](http://tech.china.com/article/20170712/2017071239958.html)
* [Waltonchain team entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with Guangdong Original Clothing Trading Center \(OCTC\)](http://m.waltonchain.org/en/news_show_n_000000005f18edbf015f1993f5b90007.html)
* [Waltonchain circuit roadshow second station \- Shenzhen station was successfully held](http://news.sohu.com/20170703/n499620493.shtml)
* [Invited to and attended CIFIT to display their IoT solutions \- CIFIT is an international trade and investment showcase fair ran by the National Chinese Government](https://www.waltonchain.org/news-detail?id=000000005f1a18ca015f1af351d70006)

## Press Coverage

Ran out of space. See link to [Press Coverage List](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/8b206d/waltonchain_press_coverage/).

## Videos

* [Waltonchain Annual Meeting Presentation Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REFXqjcnJAM&amp;feature=youtu.be)
* [Waltonchain Introduction Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcxSe56jXqY)
* [Waltonchain Visit and Product Demo! \(Part 1 of 2\) \- Boxmining](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzhXncTVOzA&amp;feature=youtu.be)
* [Waltonchain Interview and Demo \(Part 2 of 2\) \- Boxmining](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0rVORZ7Kmo)
* [Waltonchain Coinnest Meetup with Mo Bing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wpc6uQOF1Qc&amp;feature=youtu.be)
* [Dr. Mo Bing's First Live Interview with Coinnest CEO](https://youtu.be/AT1dCg9Xnrk)
* [Waltonchain CEO Mo Bing announcing the official launch of Waltonchain Mainnet](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/980057682101993472)

## List of AMAs

* [First Reddit AMA \- October 1, 2017](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/73j7z4/waltonchain_first_ama_questions_answers/)
* [Technical AMA \- October 9, 2017](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/75ayq0/some_answers_to_the_technical_questions/do4s8pw/)
* [Hardware AMA Summary \- October 17,2017](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/7727af/short_ama_summary_ive_found_i_think_this_deserves/)
* [Extended Hardware AMA \- October 24, 2017](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/78ggpt/extended_hardware_ama/)
* [Retail Demo AMA \- November 27, 2017](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/7fvxmn/questions_and_answers_from_our_latest_askwtc_ama/)
* [Masternode AMA \- December 7, 2017](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/7i7s7s/official_guardian_masternode_ama/)
* [Slack AMA Live Thread \- January 3, 2018](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/7nrhqe/ama_live_thread/)
* [Waltonchain Beta Release AMA Part 1 \- January 5, 2018](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-beta-releaseama-ee85e047f36e)
* [Waltonchain Beta Release AMA Part 2 \- January 15, 2018](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-release-ama-2-2764cf4432be)
* [Waltonchain February Q&amp;A \- February 18, 2018](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-february-q-a-4779eb30d3d8)
* [Waltonchain March AMA Part 1 \- March 19, 2018](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-march-ama-part-1-a4dc391ce231)
* [Waltonchain March AMA Part 2 \- March 27, 2018](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-march-ama-part-2-79044124195c)

## Progress Reports

* [Waltonchain Work Progress in Q2 2018](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/978954605068402689?s=09)
* [Waltonchain Work Progress in Q1 2018](https://twitter.com/Waltonchain/status/962886843535519746)
* [Waltonchain: New Logo · New IC strategy ·New Journey!](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/waltonchain-new-logo-new-ic-strategy-new-journey-e670c27259c8)
* [The Summary of Waltonchain in 2017](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/the-summary-of-waltonchain-in-2017-9935f68c9aa4)
* [Waltonchain Project Progress Report \(Nov. – Dec. 2017\)](https://www.waltonchain.org/notice-detail?id=ff808181608355d40160cae78a630004)
* [Professor Kim Suk Ki Arrived at Xiamen for Project Review and to Provide Guidance](https://medium.com/@Waltonchain_EN/professor-kim-suk-ki-arrived-at-xiamen-for-project-review-and-to-provide-guidance-f9585ce44d5c)
* [A letter to the waltonchain family](https://www.waltonchain.org/notice-detail?id=000000005faeedb8015fbad6f8c50000)
* [A Letter from Waltonchain Foundation](https://www.waltonchain.org/notice-detail?id=000000005f6de19c015f827b9a510001)
* [Waltonchain Alpha Version Internal Testing](https://www.waltonchain.org/upload/20171031/1509383333650016252.pdf)

## Noteworthy Posts

* [Waltonchain’s Bigger Picture: OBOR](https://medium.com/@thelatemercutio/waltonchains-bigger-picture-obor-b02ae47826d5)
* [Waltonchain: Ushering an Era of IoT Mass Market Adoption](https://medium.com/titan-digital-asset-group/an-introduction-to-waltonchain-1cb4d28b72cf)
* [What is Waltonchain and Why Should We Care?](https://www.investinblockchain.com/waltonchain/)
* [Waltonchain and the Chinese Government: Cooperation, Collaboration and a Bright Future](https://blog.goodaudience.com/waltonchain-and-the-chinese-government-cooperation-collaboration-and-a-bright-future-ad4b5cc8c084)
* [Top 5 Cryptocurrencies Set For Success In 2018 \- Invest in Blockchain](https://www.investinblockchain.com/top-5-cryptocurrencies-2018/)

## Exchanges

* [Binance](https://www.binance.com/trade.html?symbol=WTC_BTC)
* [Coinnest](https://www.coinnest.co.kr/market-wtc)
* [HitBTC](https://hitbtc.com/exchange/WTC-to-BTC)
* [LATOKEN](https://wallet.latoken.com/market/Crypto/ETH/WTC-ETH)
* [OKEx](https://www.okex.com/spot/trade/index.do#wtc_btc)
* [Kucoin](https://www.kucoin.com/#/trade/WTC-BTC)
* [COSS](https://exchange.coss.io/pair/wtc-eth)
* [Coinlink](https://coinlink.co.kr/trade/trade#wtc)
* [Allcoin](https://allcoin.com/markets/WALTON-BTC/0/)
* [Coinrail](https://coinrail.co.kr/stock/wtc-krw)
* [Cobinhood](https://cobinhood.com/trade/WTC-BTC)

# Frequently Asked Questions

**Q：What's the Total Supply of Waltoncoin \(WTC\)?**

The Total Supply is 100 million coins with no further issuance in any case. The Max Supply is currently 70 million coins, with the remaining 30 million left to be mined over the course of many years. Currently, the Circulating Supply is around 25 million.

**Q：I hear Walton is moving to its own blockchain?**

Main net has just been launched. Stay tuned for details about the token swap and transition to the new chain!

**Q：How do I convert my ERC20 WTC tokens to the real thing?**

You can either leave your coins on the exchange, and they will take care of the switch for you, or you can leave them in your MEW wallet, and the team will provide details on how the tokens will be swapped over. Just sit tight! Details are coming.

**Q: How do I move my WTC to MEW \(or the new Walton Wallet\)?**

For MEW:

I. Send your WTC to your wallet address.

II. Add a custom token using the information below:

Address: 0xb7cb1c96db6b22b0d3d9536e0108d062bd488f74

Name: WTC

Decimals: 18

For Walton Wallet:

Do not send ANY coins to this wallet yet. Wait for instructions from the team. Once everything is safe, you will be able to just create a wallet on the Walton Wallet and send your coins to the public address generated.

**Q：What if I want to keep them on my Ledger Nano?**

You can do that, and the team will still snapshot your wallet and copy it along with your coins; however, the the Ledger may not support WTC currently. Don't fret. Your coins are 100&amp;#37; safe. What that means is, if there is no Ledger support, the only way to transfer your coins out of the wallet will be to expose your Ledger's private key. I don't recommend doing this, as it will make the ledger no more secure than a paper wallet \(still very secure, but a waste of money now\).

So basically, your coins are safe. You can still mine to the address. You just won't be able to move them until Ledger support comes. But if you really need access to the coins, you can break out the Ledger's private key on MEW and log into your wallet.

Ledger support will come, we just don't know exactly when. Walton is also making their own Walton hardware wallets. I'll update this with more information as it comes.

**Q：My GMN is on MEW. Will I ever be able to secure GMN in a hardware wallet?**

As you know, moving your GMN will void your Guardian status because it is attached to the wallet containing at least 5000 WTC; however, the team has stated that they are working on a solution for this and have reassured us that our coins will be safe. We will have to wait for more information regarding whether the transferring of a GMN to a new address will be possible in the future.

**Q：What is the utility of WTC? What gives the coin value?**

In the WaltonChain Ecosystem WTC will have multiple functions:

* Issuing sub chains
* Dividend interest
* Credit and mortgage system
* Distributed asset exchange
* Distributed voting and governance system.

More in depth coverage of each point [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/waltonchain/comments/7rlkn9/excerpt_from_waltonchain_whitepaper_the_uses_of/)

**Q: Is Waltonchain a platform?**

Yes. Waltonchain is a smart contract platform that will have ICOs and dApps.

**Q: But I thought Walton just tracked clothing in the supply chain. What else can it do?**

Walton is capable of implementation in smart cities, smart waste management systems, and things of that nature. That's certainly beyond supply chain. Walton isn't so much a ""supply chain"" coin as it is a Big Data coin. The RFIDs are used to gather data, which is very useful in supply chain management. But it can also be used to combine with smart devices and make an Internet of things network.

**Q: Why does this need a blockchain?**

""It is difficult for the Internet of things under the current central structure to accomplish real autonomous cooperation and effective transactions, because the relevant parties of such cooperation and transactions often belong to different stakeholders with complex and uncertain trust relationships. Therefore, the collaboration and transactions of the current Internet of Things devices can only be carried out under the same trust domain. That is to say, the devices to collaborate and trade must be provided or verified by the same Internet of Things service provider, which significantly reduces the true commercial value of the Internet of Things applications."" \(Page 2 of the [Whitepaper](https://www.waltonchain.org/upload/1507947652573.pdf)\)

To expand, counterfeiting is an obvious answer to this question. There needs to be a way to truly authenticate an item. Blockchain is that answer.

Walton's blockchain also removes data silos. Companies won't have to manage any database anymore. Everything is handled by Walton. Walton uses child chains which are separate from the parent chain. Companies can keep proprietary information secret and private on their child chain, and only broadcast necessary information to the parent chain for public viewing. Blockchains make the sharing of info between companies easy and fast, too. And then obviously, blockchains have perfect transparency and are immutable.

Smart contracts are also extremely useful. In the supply chain industry, after perfectly counting and storing inventory, things can be auto\-ordered and paid for simultaneously with wtc, just as an example. Your mind can come up with a whole host of other ideas related to automation.

Furthermore, decentralized, transparent, and immutable data for things like smart waste management systems, which Walton has designed, and air\-pollution monitoring systems in smart cities would benefit greatly from the blockchain, for reasons explained in the first point from the whitepaper.

You could also imagine on the customer end that wanting to know where all their goods come from is important. This is in line with counterfeiting, but also with things more benign. Imagine wanting to return an item to a store, but can't remember which grocery store it was from. Lots of simple improvements like that are all use cases for blockchain.

**Q: What are the 6 child chains rumored to launch around Main Net?**

One is a Smart City contracted by a local Korean govt. monitoring air particles \(no further specifics\). Another is based in the agriculture industry \(no further specifics\), and another is [Freyrchain](http://www.freyrchain.org/index.html), a culture and arts chain. The other three have not been revealed yet.

**Q: I heard Waltonchain has patented technology. What are the patents?**

The Walton team has filed filed for 13 patents, 7 of which have been approved so far. The patents cover many inventions in chip design, but the main one of interest is the Transaction ID\-reading RFID chip with memory storage. This allows the blockchain to be implemented in the Foundational layer through the RFIDs themselves. The chips can generate their own random ID hash within a secure Key Generation Center within the chip, and the hash along with the data are uploaded simultaneously to the blockchain via their RFID reader. This makes WaltonChain fully decentralized and secure.

**Q：What are the advantages of the RFID IC tag chip designed in this project?**

Existing RFID chip industry cannot meet the development of Internet of Things applications, especially applications for the Value Internet of Things:

* There are few options available while the prices are high
* The transmission power and stability need to be improved
* The reception sensitivity is low
* The anti\-interference ability is poor and the transmission power is low
* The existing RFID ICs have many problems such as high power consumption, poor matching with antennae, and difficult system integration, etc.

The project’s IC design has the following significant advantages:

* High security: The chip integrates asymmetric random password pair generation logic, uses a core asymmetric encryption algorithm with independent intellectual property rights, and an optimized design without increasing the cost and power consumption of the chip, enabling higher communication security
* Tamper\-resistant: A dedicated storage space is integrated into the tag chip for the storage of hash value of tag status and key information
* Optimized anti\-collision design: The chip uses a binary tree anti\-collision algorithm with independent intellectual property rights and a time division multiple access design, significantly improving the tag recognition success rate and the number of identifiable labels at the same time
* High sensitivity: The chip uses an optimized noise suppression technology to improve the noise figure at the receiving end and the overall receiver sensitivity, which plays an important role in increasing the recognition success rate
* Good compatibility: The chip can achieve high\-frequency and ultra\-high frequency functions at the same time, so the end customer can read the information through their smart phone and inquire about reliable product information
* Long lasting: The chip adopts a low voltage and low power\-consumption design, allowing the chip to last more than 20 years  

**Q：How much do the chips cost?**

[Waltonchain in a nutshell with COO Monitor Chan](http://chinacryptonews.com/interview-waltonchain-monitor-chan/):

""We develop and produce hardware such as chips ourselves. This really differentiates us from other companies at the moment. Basically, Silitec, our technical support company, was founded in 2015 and is specialized in manufacturing chips. They already have a R&amp;D team of around 20\+ people, so in that way we are not 'increasing' cost. Next important detail is that Waltonchain’s blockchain technology is written into our chips. This means that unlike traditional RFID chips that have their own specific ID and cost around $0.15 to $0.20, the chips we develop will be below 5 cents. With the volume of sales increasing, the overall cost will spread over many units, and the system's cost and ID’s cost will go down consequently, or simply put, economics of scale will do the work.""

**Q：I need help with mining. What resources are out there?**

[r/WaltonchainMining](https://www.reddit.com/r/WaltonchainMining) is for this purpose. Community members here have done testing with many different configurations and have provided ample information for anything you need with setting up your cpu/gpu rig.

**Q：How many GMNs are left?**

The Waltonchain [Explorer](http://waltonchain.net/#/lasttxblack) now tracks these addresses.

**Q：Who are the Knights?**

* [u/fent11](https://www.reddit.com/u/fent11)
* [u/NetworkTraveler](https://www.reddit.com/u/NetworkTraveler)
* [u/yayowam](https://www.reddit.com/u/yayowam)
* [u/Crypto\_RALLY](https://www.reddit.com/u/Crypto_RALLY)
* [u/TheSideQuest](https://www.reddit.com/u/TheSideQuest)
* RikkiTikki \(slack\)
* Crypto Buff \(telegram\)

***Credit for the original making of this post goes to*** u/thelatemercutio"
124,"I've been struggling with weight my whole life.  I have been using IF for almost a year now with lazy keto.  I had a baby 7 years ago and was at my heaviest 229#.  I just hit 169#.  I'm so happy and thankful I found this sub, and IF as it has changed my life. I finally feel like I'll keep the weight off.  So thank you!!  I've still got another 20# or so left to lose but I don't feel like it'll be super difficult.  "
125,"IT IS MUFUKIN 2AM


YOURE SUPPOSED TO CHIRP SWEETLY ON THE MORNING.


IT IS 2 AM. YOU HAVE DONE THIS FOR A WEEK STRAIGHT. CHIRPING INTO MY SLEEP SCHEDULE. 


IF YOU CONTINUE TO TEST ME, TRUST ME, I WONT MAKE YOUR LIFE EASY. 


I WILL EXACT MY REVENGE UPON YOUR CLAN IN THE FORM OF A DRY BIRD BATH, YOU MUFUKIN NIGHT HOES. "
126,"GTA is my favourite game franchise. I remember when I first played GTA 3, i was mind blown and addicted. I literally played it many hours straight. Since then i played almost every GTA game and absolutely loved it. But GTA V story has weak re playablity. No matter how hard i try i couldn't get immersed and addicted as previous GTA games like San Andreas and GTA IV. I wish rockstar could concentrate more on story mode like they do on online. Are we seeing the end of single player in GTA franchise?  Because this is really worrying for every GTA fans including me :(
 "
127,"I have failed at so many diets. I have done Atkins, Keto, a little this and that, but I never reached my goal weight, nor was I successful in keeping it off. And honestly, I couldn’t stick with it because it was about depriving myself to reach some goal, not about fixing my fucked up way of eating. 

While they did take off some weight, I knew it wasn’t sustainable. I always wanted to lose it fast so the pain would be over quickly.

This time, I spoke with my doctor at length, he was quite helpful. Just admitting it was a huge first step. I had a friend that went from prediabetic to ideal weight by CICO and kept it off five years. It wasn’t sexy or exciting, it wasn’t *dramatic*.

I started really examining my relationship with food. I had to admit I had no idea how little my body needed, what qualified as a reasonable amount, or even what I should be eating. Years of diet confusion had taken their toll. I used to know these things intuitively before I packed on over 100+ lbs. 

I didn’t even realize that I didn’t know. **I think this is the problem for most overweight people.** We are all victims if a society which has normalized eating dysfunction.

I had no idea how many calories I was consuming, or that I was drinking a fair share of alcohol. I confused *being hungry* with the desire to mindlessly eat. Like if I wanted a second slice if pizza, I must *need* a second slice, I was “hungry.”

Years and years ago, I was a runner, 5’8” and weighed 125 lbs. I had never restricted my food intake or denied myself anything.

I really thought about how I ate back then. I would consume about 1500 calories a day, and really chow one or two days a week. 

And it sort of hit me. . . 

**I realized that my 1500 calorie intake per day is not eating so much at a deficit as it is that 1500 is how much I should normally be eating to maintain my ideal weight.** 

To state it another way, I am not eating to lose weight, I am eating to maintain a lower weight. That is not to say I can never go over that, but this is my new reality. My goal is no longer to lose weight, it is really about fixing my messed up eating patterns. The weight is a symptom, not the actual problem. 

I never looked at it this way before.

This time it feels very different. It is not a case if “I can’t have that because it is not on my diet” but reprogramming myself to truly understand what it means to eat healthy.

What I have come realize is this:

**CICO only seems like calorie restriction, deprivation or a “diet” when compared to the wildly unreasonable modern Western way of eating.** ln reality, CICO is really about resetting your calorie needs, your expectations for portion sizes, recalibration of your meal times, and learning to make healthier choices.

This isn’t about calories-in / calories-out, it is about learning to eat for what your body needs after living in an upside down society of completely skewed portions, and incredibly abundant poor food options."
128,"You got this man, stage doesn't get bigger than the Finals. Don't mind the Warriors + KD nonsense. You are a Warrior and the Warriors are a champion, a defending one at that. We're fans halfway around the globe and we believe that your elite contributions to this basketball organization will always shine through. Critics have been toxic, man. Stay locked in. 3 to go. "
129,"Long post, non native speaker.

Yesterday we had rainstorms around here. When I got back from school \(I'm the teacher\). The ceiling had collapsed and part of my house was flooded.

Why is this good news?

I've been a follower of minimalism for a while and everything I could not get rid of due to time or lack of transport or motivation was in that part of the house. Everything important was stored in watertight crates and has no damage.

I may also have to move out for a while so the homeowner can fix everything. Roof, ceiling, walls and floor.

This will be the opportunity to get rid of a lot of stuff and just keep my belongings that add value.

I may just be in denial, but so far this is not all that bad :\)  
"
130,"https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp1806486?query=featured_home

""To understand why usage patterns are shifting, the FDA used a social media “listening platform” to set up a dashboard to track traditional social media sites (such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, blogs, and forums) that we monitor for conversations about opioids. When we find mention of additional substances on social media or elsewhere, we conduct more specific searches for relevant, publicly available conversations through our listening platform, as well as through Reddit, Google, and various online forums that don’t require registration or subscription. These may include forums associated with drug misuse or abuse, such as Bluelight(org and talk.drug 
 abuse(com. A preliminary appraisal of social media topics revealed a shift between 2013 and 2017 from a discussion of legitimate gabapentinoid use for pain and seizures to a focus on misuse and abuse of these drugs."""
131,It's June boys and gals. I REPEAT IT IS FINALLY JUNE. Soon we'll be listening to some of the dopest music to grace this earth. Soon we'll be walking through Sherwood. Soon we'll have.the pleasure of eating Spicey Pie. And soon we will be HOME. LESS THAN 3 WEEKS WE WILL BE HOME.
132,"I came out to my mom yesterday, and while it didn't go ""leave my house and never speak to me again"" bad, it did go ""try to shut me down and go full denial"" bad. I explained how I felt about my aligned gender and how being a woman makes me feel happier and more comfortable (granted, I was hella nervous and probably didn't do a great job explaining everything). Rather than accept my feelings as valid, she talked for ten minutes about how neither my dad nor my brothers are super masculine, and it's like.. I get it!! Some people aren't masculine but still like being a guy. I don't! That doesn't make non-masculine guys wrong, and that doesn't make me wrong either! 

I've had the same outcome in the few arguments I get into online about trans issues. Cis people always think I'm trying to invalidate their identities because I don't like them for myself. I don't get it. Am I doing something wrong here, coming off to aggressively for trying to explain my feelings? Ugh."
133,"**Chapter 89: Reunion**

Source|Link
:--|:--                                  
[Neverland Translations](https://mangadex.org/chapter/338852/1)| [Online](https://mangadex.org/chapter/338852/1)  
MangaStream|Offline     "
134,"Destiny 2 is the game made by Organization XIII when Square-Enix took a decade and a half to release Kingdom Hearts 3. Much like the nobodies of the Kingdom Hearts universe, Destiny 2 is a game that is superficially beautiful and perfect – outwardly, everything looks okay. It has great graphics, a solid graphical style, and decent gunplay.

But when you go past the surface, you realize that there’s nothing inside – the game has no heart.

Destiny 2 is basically a Borderlands MMORPG – a looter-shooter, with some PvP arena multiplayer thrown in. It is a MMORPG – you constantly see players around you in the world – which of course makes the game’s single-player campaign, of you being the LONE GUARDIAN who has REGAINED THEIR LIGHT (i.e. their superpowers) into a bit of a farce, what with all those other lone heroes who saved the world running around with you.

But let’s face it – you don’t care about the story.

And that’s a problem, really, because Destiny 2, like all games, needs something for you to care about. But the problem is, Destiny 2 doesn’t provide it.

The world? There’s pretty much no real lore to it – everything feels very arbitrary. You fight some bad guys, but there’s no real coherence to it. You have some allies, but they’re just kind of there. What’s the point of it all? I don’t even know, as I never really got to care about any of them. You don’t spend a whole lot of time around any of them, and they’re mostly about business rather than having any sort of personal character that you’d latch onto. Cayde is the “funny irresponsible one”, and the others are… pretty much just various kinds of military leaders, really. There’s a sniper in one area who is an older guy who wants to be left to snipe in peace, but while he babbles about personal stuff a little (more so than other people), there’s not really enough there to latch onto.

So what are the stakes? There really aren’t any. Destiny 2 has the shape of a world, but it has none of the form or substance, and it is blatantly there just to deliver on its looter shooter nature.

You might think that good core gameplay would make up for this fact. Alas, it really doesn’t. The game does have decent variety for a campaign of its (fairly brief) length – you’ve got a reasonable variety of big beefy guys who move around on jetpacks and who are pretty tough, machine enemies with glowy spots in non-standard locations as their weapon point rather than just the head, more slender, agile enemies who spend a lot of time running around, and the “magical” enemies lead by flying wizards. Each of these factions has multiple enemy types, including a few different types that can be made into bosses, and they work well enough for what they are – but the problem is that it all ultimately feels rather hollow. The optimal strategy against all of them is either “stand behind cover and shoot until you’re injured, then go behind it to heal” or “just keep shooting the melee enemies as they keep rushing at you”. It is only in a few places that the game really does anything to mix this up, having enemies spawn in behind you and forcing you to move, or having enemies rush at you to melee you while there’s a bunch of enemies providing covering fire, and these dynamic moments are where the game is the most fun.

But most of the game is not this, but is instead a bunch of fairly static, stale encounters where you are more or less just gunning down bad guys ahead of you. And while these are actually okay from time to time, the game simply cannot subsist off of these sorts of mechanics for all that long.

The result is that the campaign is about the right length for what it is, but [i]this is a looter shooter[/i], meaning that the real focus of the game is to play it over and over again to try and grind for better gear.

And it is here that the game utterly fails, because the game mechanics simply cannot endure such repeated exposure. The game has already shown the player pretty much everything it has to offer in the main body of the campaign, and by the end of it, the player is maximum level and has a nice set of equipment. All that is left at that point is a bunch of side-quests – which are no different from what came before – and the PvP, which, while decent, isn’t anything particularly remarkable compared to games like Overwatch.

As a result, the game runs out of steam as the player is about to hit the grind phase, and there’s just no reason to stick around – the game doesn’t really have anything left to show the player at that point, just more of the same, so what is the point of even grinding?

But the utter lack of any sort of heart to the single player campaign means that there wasn’t any point to that, either – it was a setup, a prelude to the looter-shooter endgame, but it wasn’t really all that fun or memorable. Stuff happens, but there’s no one to latch onto and no world to really get involved with. Characters like Cayde-6 and Failsafe feel like they’re aping characters like Deadpool and GlaDOS, albeit without the charm and wit that they had, while the other characters are all even more forgettable, with me even confusing the names of two of the main “heroes” on a constant basis. Indeed, even now I struggle to remember the names of even half of the NPCs in the game, and the PC themselves, as a silent protagonist, has no character at all (an odd choice, considering that your companion constantly chatters to people and at you).

The result is that everything just feels like it turns to ash in your mouth. The main campaign is an empty experience, and there’s no reason to care about the end game stuff, either. The game is almost entirely competent mechanically, with only the odd hiccup here and there, but it is all in service to an ultimately hollow experience that never manages to engage the audience and make them care.

Even for the people who just want to grind, Destiny 2 seems to fall down. In the endgame, after reaching the level cap, you eventually reach the point where the only way to get better gear is to complete one of a handful of weekly challenges. After you’ve done those tasks, there’s no way to get better gear until the weekly reset. While this discourages people from just spending their whole life grinding away, it also means that you can’t even do the raid (the centerpiece of end-game content) until you’ve spent about a real-life *month* dong that end-game weekly grind, if not more.

All in all, I can’t really recommend this game to anyone. The Borderlands games do what this game does, but better, and with more style and flair, and while characters in Borderlands may not have the same agility they have in Destiny 2, the game just does more to engage you. And likewise, games like Overwatch pull off the PvP much better than this game can hope to. It isn’t that Destiny is bad, per se, so much as that it never manages to actually be good – only inoffensive at best. But a game needs to actually be good to be worth playing, and Destiny 2 never crosses that threshold.
"
135,"I'm curious to what people think, I'm always seeing stories about how Samsung appliances are breaking or need replacing multiple times, I'm wondering if this is just due to their popularity. Is it really just more people owning them = more people complaining, or are they actually junk and just for show? We are about to upgrade all of our major appliances and want to get something that lasts and looks nice."
136,"Me=me

Whiny Lady=WL

Me: ""Thank you for calling Whatwhatindabutt Inn. How may I help you?

WL: ""Um...I was trying to book a room for June 5th for 6  nights on your website and I can't.""

Me: ""Well let me take a look for you.""

\(I begin to do my think tapping the keyboard like a crazy person. I type fast so I get there quick.\)

Me: ""Well it looks like the nights  of the 7th and 8th we are sold out. However the other nights are available.""

WL: ""But, But, when I called you 3 days ago you have 17 rooms available.""

Me: \(after a big eye roll so hard I was afraid they would get stuck in the back of my head\) ""Well that was 3 days ago. We have since sold out. Did you already make a reservation when you called?""

WL: ""Well, no. I was shopping around.""

Me: ""Ah, well unfortunately, since you didn't make a reservation at the time of your first call, there is a chance that the rooms will be sold out.""

WL: ""But I asked them to hold it.""

Me:"" Oh I see, well did you give a credit card in order to hold the room? That is the only way a room will be held is if you provide credit card information. Otherwise no one here would hold the room for you.""

WL: ""I told him that I would call back with it later.""

Me: ""Then the reservation doesn't stand . Again, no one will make a reservation without a valid credit card.""

WL: ""Well...can you?""

Me: ""No. We are sold out for 2 of the nights, I will happily make one for the other nights pending you have your credit card with you.""

WL: ""Oh well I don't have it with me.""

Me:""Then I'm sorry I can't hold a room without it.""

WL: ""My husband is here, can I use his?""

Me: ""Sure. No problem.""

No I begin to get her info and repeat back to her the first reservation out of the two thinking that she understands that 2 of the 6 nights we are sold out and she would need to find a room somewhere else. I get to the end of the reservation and begin to repeat her dates of stay back to her. Mind you this is the first of two which I assumed is what she agreed to after telling her several times that we were sold out for 2 of the nights.

Me: ""So that's the night of the 5th and 6th. The night of the 9th and 10 will be easy.""

WL: ""No! that isn't right, I wanted 6 nights.""

Me: ""Again ma'am. I told you that 2 of the nights in the middle are sold out. All we can do are the first 2 and the last 2. There are no options otherwise.""

WL: ""But when I called 3 days ago you had plenty of rooms.""

Me: ""I need you think about this conversation and then you can call back and book the first 2 and the last 2 only. Thank you. Goodbye.""

I hung up on her and she hasn't called back. "
137,"While Spanish might not count, since it is my native language, I am going to try to become fluent in the five most spoken Romance Languages, which, if I am not mistaken, Are: 

Spanish

Portuguese 

French

Italian 

Romanian

Wish me luck mates."
138,"I’m never going to figure this stuff out. I keep getting messages and matches that go nowhere. 
- One girl doesn’t even answer the questions I put in the message. She just writes a response that I have no idea what to say to and doesn’t seem to want to keep things going.
- Another girl seems to connect with me on musical preferences. We talk a bit. She asks ME to tea. I say yes. And then she stops messaging.
- One messages me back and forth for a week. Of course CMB gets near the end of the deadline, so I give her my number and say we can continue chatting. She responds just before the deadline “oh I don’t give my number on here perhaps we can keep chatting on here”. Deadline happens. Can’t message her back.
- Several girls I made plans to see movies with or go on dates. But they’re busy this day and that day and then fade because the day is young and why not.
- One girl I go to a hiking Meetup with and hope that I can ask out. But I barely get to even talk to her through the whole thing. When I finally get a chance, she just gets up and walks away.

This will just keep happening until I die. Like some kind of hellish torture. A constant stream of letdown, of feeling unwanted and unloved, of 7 billion people and they all want nothing to do with me.
I need to drink.
 "
139,"In can't remember exactly how old I was but we were living in our first house so I was no older than seven. I used to, like many children, get up early on Sunday mornings and watch children's television. Recently, I had a flash of nostalgia and wanted to look up the intros all my favourite shows from the early 90's so I searched for them in YouTube.

I found The Fruities, The Biskitts, A Pup Named Scooby Doo to name just a few but there's one I can't find any trace of. It was called 'The Cockadoos' and it was an American/Canadian cartoon about a cockerel who lived in a hen shed on a farm with his family (The Cockadoos) and would spend every episode trying to be famous. I asked my mum if she remembers this and she said yes but it was a bit naughty for a children's TV show because they used to say, ""clucking heck!"" and ""cluck you!"" My sister even recalls one scene where the mother (who always wore a yellow, frilly apron) put a frying pan on the floor and sat on it. You just saw her cartoon face staining and then there was a crack sound. She put the pan on the cooker which now had a cracked open egg in it and said, ""Kids, breakfast is almost ready.""

I presumed it must have been taken off air as my sister said it only aired about three or four mornings then we couldn't find it anymore when we scrolled through the channels.

However, me and my sister both remembered the catchy theme song and began singing it together. Then we remembered something else really strange. The main character - whose name I can't remember - was, on one particular episode, trying to make himself famous and was doing different wacky things to become a celebrity on the net, which seemed kind of strange as children of the early 90s wouldn't have been able to relate to jokes about the internet. 

However the craziest thing is this: In one scene I remember in detail that the main character recorded himself and some of the other animals catapulting themselves into the air in crash helmets. The cow (who I think was called Bella or Bulla) then uploaded it onto the computer to a site called 'MooTube' which was continually referenced throughout the episode.

I said that at the time we must have been too young to realise this was a play on the word YouTube but while I was saying this, my sister just interrupted me and said, ""YouTube didn't exist back then."" I thought she was denying my memory at first but she said that she remembers it too but that it was impossible. I even recall that every time they checked to see how many ""hits"" they had, a big picture would appear on their computer screen of a red rectangle with a white hoof print inside - obviously a reference to the YouTube red and white play icon. 

She told me that YouTube wasn't invented until the early 2000s. I denied this saying it must have been because they wouldn't have referenced it otherwise, but we investigated further and discovered that YouTube was actually invented in 2005, about ten years after we remembered seeing this show. 

I speculated whether we were older and were mixing it up with a similar show but my sister, who would have been 10 or 11 at the time (I was 6 or 7) was sure it was at our first house which we left when I was 7. To be honest, I only remember watching it in that house too so it had to be 1994 to 1996 ('93 at a push but I don't think I'd have been that young). 

Confused as hell, we began trying to hunt down this show. We searched everywhere and even tried emailing the BBC, ITV and Channel 4 because we couldn't recall which network it was from - we only had the five main channels back then. We haven't heard back from any of them yet, but it was only about a week ago so we'll wait and see. My sister reckons they won't know what we're talking about, but I think surely it must be in their archives. Can a show just disappear without any record? 

Literally there's no trace of this show on the internet. No one knows what we're talking about. No one we know outside our household even vaguely remembers it. My sister said to me last night that given the MooTube reference, maybe it hasn't been invented yet and we were watching something from the future. I laughed at first. We both did. But now I'm wondering. I don't ever remember it being announced by presenters or featured in the 'up next' line up. We just used to flick through until we found it. What if there was a signal to the future to our old, boxy Panasonic. Honestly, I'm freaked out and I have chills now whenever I think about it.

If you know the show I'm talking about it's called The Cockadoo's. The animation was a lot like Two Stupid Dogs  but a bit more ropey and exaggerated. It was a chicken, his mum, dad, sister (a chick), and grandmother and friends on the farm (a pig, cow and possibly some others). 

Please let me know so I can investigate further and maybe put it to bed.

UPDATE ---------------------------------------------------------------------- UPDATE

Somebody asked us to write down the lyrics. I could only remember the chorus but my sister added bits of the verse in. It's full of gaps because we thought it was better to leave it blank than to guess. It was a jazzy kind of intro and then the words were as follows.

Verse: In a lil ol' farm in the middle of the country (do-do-do, do-do-do) There's a lil feathered [something, something, something] (do-do-do, do-do-do) Dad is hen-pecked and Mom is [something] (do-do-do, do-do-do) And [Something] is always roosting in her bed (do-do-do, do-do-do).

Then there was a bridge with a list of quirky words with the ""est"" rhyme.

Oh magic quest, chicken breast, haunted nest too. [Something, something] knows what to do.

Then a second line that was also a list of rhymes but it was sang faster as the music quickened in a build up to the chorus. Neither of us can remember any key words of the second bridge line.

Chorus: Backaaw! [Something, something] Backaaw! And his farmyard crew. Backaaw! There's always [something], Backaaw! In the Cockadoo house.

Yes there's always [something] with the bock-bock-bock, they're he Cockadoo's. (We think). 
"
140,"https://twitter.com/SmashNSplash/status/1002571086725296129

How does this get to this point."
141,"My go to's are simple ones like you can spin the Cube in Astor Place. (Surprised at how many people I tell don't know this). Also, there's a a [contraption on the outside of the IFC Center](https://i.imgur.com/qXEAoTv.jpg) that looks like some kind of Con Ed meter, but it's actually a tower viewer type thing that you can use to watch whatever movie is currently playing in the theatre."
142,"getting a little practice in before the final exams. He went over to a table where a body was lying face down. He removed the sheet over the body and to his surprise he found a cork in the corpse's rectum. Figuring this was fairly unusual, he pulled the cork out, and to his surprise, music began playing, 

""On the road again . . . Just can't wait to get on the road
again . . . ""


The student was amazed, and placed the cork back in the rectum. The
music stopped. Totally freaked out, the student called the Medical
Examiner over to the corpse.


""Look at this. This is really something!"" the student told the examiner
as he pulled the cork back out again.


""On the road again . . . Just can't wait to get on the road again . . .""


""So what?"", the Medical Examiner replied, obviously unimpressed with the
student's discovery.


""But isn't that the most amazing thing you've ever seen?"" asked the
student.


""Are you kidding?"" replied the Examiner, ""Any asshole can sing country music."""
143,"This happened a little while ago, but I'm still holding the grudge and I’m baffled by what happened, so decided to share. 

I was meeting my Dad and Step-Mum for one last lunch in the city where I live before they moved out of the country. They'd heard about a new-ish restaurant serving food and wacky cocktails, and wanted to try it out. I'd been for drinks there but not food, so was happy to give it a go. They’d only decided they wanted to go there on the day of meeting, so we weren’t able to book in advance – I warned them that this might mean we couldn’t get in there and needed to pick somewhere else, as it was quite busy when I’d been in the past, but they were happy either way. Cool, easy for me. 

I arrived before my folks and asked the FOH team if they had any tables for dining that afternoon. Luckily for us, they had a table just leaving, it’d be ready in a sec – score. I said that that’d be great, thanks very much, and the FOH team asked if I wanted to sit down at the table straight away while waiting for the other two to join me. Now, my Dad and Step-Mum are unfamiliar with the city where I live and obviously the restaurant (which isn’t very easy to find if you don't know what you're looking for) so I said “If you don’t mind, I’ll wait out front in case I need to direct them”. They said fine, so I waited just outside the doors. I should add that this isn’t a standalone restaurant – it’s inside another building, so when I say I stood outside, I was the other side of a clear glass door, feet from where we’d just been chatting, and in view of the woman I’d talked to. 

It was no more than five minutes before my folks arrived, and we immediately went into the restaurant. I went to the same woman I’d talked to before, and told her that everyone was here and we were ready to sit down please. She looked at me and said “Oh, we don’t have any tables now, it’ll be about an hour or so” – sorry, what? I was split between wanting to flip a table and trying not to be That Guy, so calmly said “I thought we could have the table that was free a mo ago?” and she replied that they gave it away because I left, and asked if we wanted to wait for the next free table. We were all hungry and I was fuming, so I lost my capability to question it any further, said no and left as politely as I could before ranting and raving to my folks as soon as we got outside. 

Did I miss something there?! I didn't realise that by not sitting down immediately, I'd forfeit the table? I didn’t put in a complaint at the time and it feels like there’s no point now as it was last year, but I still scowl in the restaurant’s direction every time I walk past. 
"
144,"(New to Reddit, first post here, writing this on my mobile, apologies in advance.)

I work 2 morning shifts a week at a cafe in a train/bus station. When you walk into the big, square building, there are three kiosks - Amtrak (train), Greyhound (bus) and John’s (cafe). Each one is clearly marked with their name and logo in their respective corners - the 4th corner has a hallway that leads to the restrooms.

What I will never understand is WHY someone will walk in the door, make a beeline for my corner, and ask me..

When is the train to ___ leaving?

What side of the platform do I stand on?

Can I bring ___ on the bus?

...etc. John’s cafe is not closest to the door. I usually wear a polo shirt and jeans, not a GREYHOUND or AMTRAK uniform. The cafe is about the size of a cat’s forehead compared to the other kiosks. My hair is pink, I’ve got tattoos, and I’ve never in my life had so many snobby, elderly people voluntarily walk up to me and treat me like I’m a treasure trove of important information.
It’s very confusing.

Today, a lady walked up to the counter, and I asked if I knew when the Greyhound employee was going to arrive.

ME: “I don’t know, I don’t work for Greyhound, I work for John’s.”

LADY: “Well it says that they open at 10am.”

ME: “Okaaay, then someone should be here at 10.”

LADY: “ITS 10AM RIGHT NOW AND
NO ONE’S THERE, MY SON HAS TO CATCH A BUS AT 10:30!”

ME: “Cool cool cool, I still don’t work for Greyhound, sooooo..” 

She turns around, stomps away, and I look at the clock. It’s 10am On.The.Dot.

Greyhound guy walked in 30 seconds later."
145,Commander Cushing was taken down in the span of one episode? I was thinking (hoping?) he’d be the one to up the ante on the chaos post-bombing and really last as an antagonist for June. It would certainly raise the stakes on June’s escape from Gilead by any means. But Serena proved to be a better opponent and June knew exactly where to play her cards to make sure Cushing didn’t get what he wanted. Granted all the mayhem he was causing was absolutely insane so I think Gilead wouldn’t be able to stand with him being in power so I understand why they had to get rid of him quickly.
146,...I just wanted to say that  :) 
147,"I can say it is absolutely not as pure to the eyes as Pure water because as a matter of fact, i had to use unfiltered water to clean this horrific shit out of my eyes and it still burns..... i honestly feel like this is something someone would sue over. 

But anyways, moral of the story is, if your baby soap says ""As pure to the eyes as pure water"" dont trust that shit.

Have a good day Reddit."
148,"So I just killed a guy trying to gamma glitch his glock, and when I went to search him he had his War Tech rig equip.  inside the Rig was an Ifak, his 50 round glock, and a key bar with the Mark key, Gdesk key, and a factory key. Rest in pieces guy, you big dummy. "
149,"Hey guys,

Just wanted to see everyone's perspective on the fact that although Gold has always been a bottleneck, it looks like it will be even more so now with all the recent changes. If we break it down a little:

\-More gold required in purchasing items in the shop in receiving the chance of getting a premium item in Shop.

\-Significantly more gold needed in upgrading BAM for all these new awesome Uniforms.

\-Tons of Gold needed in getting all these characters to Level 70.

Solution: 

\-Revamp Villain Siege so we can acquire more Gold, instead of a measly 100k.

\-Add more CO\-OP stages \(such as 50 T2's and you receive maybe 750k instead of 450k\)

What are your thoughts people?"
150,"https://twitter.com/OpTicGaming/status/1002604302987296769    
    
Direct Link: https://greenwall.gg/"
151,"I really didn't enjoy my first experience at the Supreme store in London, after trying every Tuesday for the past few weeks to get a spot in line I had finally got one for the week 15 drop, so I booked my ticket for the hour and a half train journey and turned up 10 mins early to my dedicated time. The Security guards where pleasant and had a good system for keeping the line moving so it took about 30 mins to get into Supreme, we had to show our ID and credit card and where told no phones allowed and bags to be left at the door. Once inside the store you have clothes on racks and you have to ask the staff on the shop floor if they have your size in stock and then they ask another staff member that is on a balcony above you and they check and throw it down to the staff at the bottom, so I asked if they had the playboy top in blue and medium size and was told they had completely sold out. I didn’t think much of it because it’s a hyped item, I was able to get the other stuff I liked and headed towards the line to pay. There is only one till so the time to wait is a little while so I was watching other people get their items and some kids walked up to the staff member who told me the top was sold out and fist pumped him and seemed to know him and asked if he had the blue playboy top in stock and he said yes and called up to get the group a top each. I felt that was a bit strange but maybe they found some extra stock so when I got to the till I asked them if they had any of them in stock and he called to the other staff member who looked at me and said “none in XL” and It kind of caught me off guard so I replied, “I’m looking for a medium” and he said they “sold out of all of the tops”. His comments felt really unnecessary, the whole atmosphere there felt tense and uninviting. You feel like you have to go in there quickly and get your things as fast as possible and get out, you also feel like you’re walking on eggshells and making sure you don’t touch the wrong thing or look at your phone and upset security, the staffs’ attitudes are rude and uncaring and it seems you can only get hyped items if you are buddies with them. I have read before that “the skater community is not nice and they’re supposed to be assholes” but I have a lot of skater friends who are incredibly nice and friendly and Palace around the corner from Supreme are always helpful, they strike up conversations and it feels relaxing to browse there. 
If you where thinking of going to the store on drop day and you’re traveling there, I wouldn’t bother, it’s too much hassle and the experience isn’t worth it, I think I’ll cop online for now on.

TDLR; Cop online."
152,"It's easy for the common man to throw up his hands and proclaim, ""I give up! This is worthless!"" IT takes a courageous man to say ""I am everything. With enough hard work, I will make it,"" and go on to prove it.

Right now, you are feeling frustrated and angry that your goals are not coming to fruition, and you are about to give up. Don't. Here are some words of encouragement to push you forward.

This should be obvious, but it helps to be reminded that nothing worth anything in life comes easily. It has been written many times that those who have achieved greatness failed thousands of times before they made a breakthrough. You probably haven't failed even one-hundred times. Being who you are, there is a tendency to dramatize everything, distorting reality, and eventually giving up mentally and physically. You must catch yourself in these foolish moments, and remind yourself that it could take up to a decade to master a skill. Do not be like the quitters who give up within their first year. Do not let your fear of failure overshadow your desire to be great.

There is tendency for you to procrastinate on your responsibilities because you cannot bear to be humbled by the fact your skills are more lackluster than you thought. This is the mark of a boy. A man realizes that the rewards of the long term far outweigh the situation of the present, and so he continues to set his emotions aside, and work. Work until the desired end result is achieved. For as long as the work is put in, the end result is guaranteed. Have confidence you will arrive, and soon you will.

Do not compare yourself to others. Do not worry about what others are doing. You have no idea what is going on behind the scenes, only what they present to you. How can you be sure that they are telling the truth about the amount of time it took them — for example — to get good at drawing? Or whether the work they present is their own? There isn't a way to truly know and it does not matter. Your journey is ultimately your own and as long as you are doing everything you have to do and maintaining discipline, it will take as long as it needs to for you to achieve your desired result.

Relax. There will be days of rapid progress, just as there will be periods of stagnation. Understand that both are completely normal and you shouldn't feel any intense attachment towards either. Attachment to rapid progress will form unrealistic expectations of yourself, ending in disappointment. Attachment to periods of stagnation will cause your mind to go to dark places, experience chronic frustration, and you will eventually give up.

The solution to this is to adopt an attitude of indifference. A mindset that effectively says, ""I don't care about this situation I'm in, only my goal. As long as I'm showing up everyday, I'll get there."" This attitude will help you embrace boredom, and failure more.

As previously stated, this path towards reaching your goals has left you currently frustrated and angry, and probably ready to give up. Don't. Be the courageous man that says to himself, ""I am everything,"" and sets out to prove it."
153,"My old high school was having issues with students vaping in the bathrooms, and the response from administration was to lock down all the bathrooms on campus except 4 (2 men’s, 2 women’s). This has been going on for about a month. Admin has been lying to parents about the bathrooms being locked down (saying it was only a couple days, that the bathrooms are open now, etc), while students have been complaining of impossible wait times at lunch and disgusting messes in those open bathrooms that go untouched for days. One student I know couldn’t find an open bathroom at school while on her period and ruined several articles of clothing. Are there any laws/educational codes against this? It’s becoming a serious stressor for my friends &amp; family who still attend this school.

Edit: I’ve linked a couple of the students who are currently documenting this to this thread to check out the advice. I graduated last year, so there’s not a whole lot I can do other than that. Thanks to everyone who put in their 2 cents!"
154,"Are there any audio commentary fans on here? I have about 650 GB worth of audio commentaries on my hard drive and was wondering if anyone would be interested in it. [Here's a Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jUcBYsEQafXNQWb_JfYXv8iqCr0ByPVPWDlNjakUT0w/edit?usp=sharing) of everything I have. 



[Here's the link](https://link.resilio.com/#f=Audio%20Commentaries&amp;sz=0&amp;t=1&amp;s=6TK6ERIT3OQSDHIXNUQ2XQWKCMLNHA2Z&amp;i=COSSMWV42P773WRIJTVNXSYETMT5HEIUG&amp;e=1535642289&amp;v=2.5). You need to instal Resilio Sync to download the files. It'll take a while to download, however, it'll go quicker if the people who do download it seed to other users. Let me know if it doesn't work and I'll try to figure out a different way of sharing it. "
155,I doubt a good poker player would act like [this](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/aceattorney/images/9/90/DD_Phoenix_Shocked.gif/revision/latest?cb=20140827210834) or [this](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/aceattorney/images/9/95/3DSweat.gif/revision/latest?cb=20140511231346) at the table.    
156,Is 8gb enough for AAA games at 1440p with a gtx 1070 and a i5 8400?
157,Is 8gb enough for AAA games at 1440p with a gtx 1070 and a i5 8400?
158,"I read some posts by /u/QuickPancakes, and it reminded me of my first really big win with the in-laws. 


We all love out privacy, right? Some families, like my FHs,  have an ""open door"" policy, where everyone leaves their doors unlocked and visitors are welcome anytime. This is the story of how I put a stop to that.


When FH and I first moved in together, it was a spare bedroom at my mother's house. Then it was a teeny tiny flat, owned by a lovely older couple whose son, we later found out, was dating my older sister- so naturally they were like extended family and we saw them all the time. So when we finally got a place with room to move around in, and no relatives living literally in the next room over, we were in heaven. Freedom!!


Except, no. You see, FIL popped over one night on his way home from work, about 7.30pm, and we welcomed him in- how nice of him to come by! He stayed for an hour and left. A few nights later he did the same thing. And a few nights after that. And a few nights after that. 


For four years, FIL would show up on any random evening. Sometimes we wouldn't see him all week. Sometimes we'd see him every night for two weeks straight. Didn't matter if we had friends over, or were eating dinner, or were just on our way out, or eating junk and playing games. I begged FH to say something, anything, at least tell him to call or text first, but I was told ""That's just how our family is"". My own mother tried to visit without calling ONCE and I was firm yet polite when I informed her that wasn't appropriate. Her reaction was to offer to ""make an appointment"" next time, to which I beamed and told her it was a fantastic idea. Because boundaries and independence.


But even relaying this to FIL didn't work. Asking him directly, did not work, hinting to MIL did not work. Locking the door so he couldn't just waltz in didn't work, because if the lights were on he would knock and knock until FH opened up. I can't count the number of times I've run past the front door and up the stairs to get dressed because FIL has just *appeared*. Eventually even FH started to get annoyed by it, but still FIL was oblivious. 


So, when an opportunity landed in my lap, I took it. 


Towards the last few months of this torture, I had taken to wearing exclusively t-shirts and panties around the house. No bra for my ample bosom. No trousers. And when unexpected visitors (FIL) arrived, I would drape a blanket across my legs and apologise that I could not get them a drink, sorry, they'll have to make the visit quick, ETC. 


And then the golden moment. I was in the bath, relaxing after a hard day, and FH had gone out with a friend, so our car was still in its usual spot. And then the knocking starts. And I ignore it. And the knocking continues, and I dunk myself under the water and internally scream for at the interloper to fuck off. And then he's *hammering* on the door like there's a bloody fire or something, so I throw a towel round myself and run down the stairs, thinking a neighbour is in serious trouble.


But I can see it's FIL, and I face a choice: go get dressed? Nah. 


I flung open the door and asked what the emergency was. FIL paled. I'm in nothing but a towel. My hair is wet. There are bubbles trailing down my leg. It's. Not. A. Good. Time. He stammered, asked where FH is, and I reply curtly ""out."" I stand in the doorway, staring him down. I make a remark about beating the door down like the house is on fire. He blushes and asks if FH will be home soon, I tell him ""I don't know, FIL,  why don't you call him?"" FIL mumbles something and adverts his gaze. I offer to let him come in and wait, but I'm going back to my bath, and I shrug, letting more bathwater drip all over the carpet. FIL struggles to look me in the eye. I have the snarkiest, smirkiest raised eyebrow I can manage. I am marking my territory and my privacy. He declines to come in. I wave enthusiastically and basically slam the door.


FIL goes home. And I say nothing to FH except ""your dad stopped by but I was busy so he left.""


And it doesn't end there. A few days later we are at the ILs (called ahead like civilised folk) and MIL makes a comment about FIL going to visit us and FH not being home. FH states that no one told him to expect visitors, and MIL makes a vague suggestion that I was rude and did not invite FIL in to wait. 


So I go in for the kill. I explain that I did invite him in, but that I had been bathing, and answered the door in a towel, with bubblebath running down my legs! How funny! How embarrassing! I heard the knocking and thought it was an emergency, because *surely* no one would be that persistent! How silly of me! It's a good thing FIL didn't stay because FH took hours to come home and that would've been *so awkward!* 


FIL took me to one side and told me the story was a bit inappropriate and he'd appreciate it if I didn't repeat it. I apologised (genuinely sorry for humiliating him) and haven't had to mention it since.


FIL now visits on Tuesdays and Thursdays between 7 and 8pm. Sometimes he doesn't turn up, which is annoying, but I know when to expect him. He sometimes calls ahead to check we're in, with a snarky comment about ""oh you're not *busy*, are you?"" Sometimes I desperately want to say ""yes, actually, twice a week is a bit much, don't you think?"" But it's been three years, and as long as he sticks to his schedule or calls before he visits, I won't push it.
"
159,She said that it was the right thing to do in the long run.
160,"I'm the Digital Evangelist on the Presiding Bishop's staff in The Episcopal Church (longtime Redditor, but a new account for this role and this question), and have long-thought that an AMA with PB Curry would be really cool. Now that there's a post-Royal Wedding buzz, maybe there'd be a broad interest in hearing from him? What do you all think? 

Moderators: If there's any proof I'd need to provide for my role, I'm happy to do so."
161,Please post links to your favorite NSFW subreddits in this thread.
162,"Presorted by most drama first

[Yeah what a great move to do nothing and deny people marriage rights because it's too bothersome otherwise](https://www.reddit.com/r/japan/comments/8nhi5m/highprofile_japanese_businesswoman_kazuyo_katsuma/dzvlsph/?context=3)

[Why do people feel the need to compliment their appearance? / We can stick to the bravery stuff without pretending that they are “beautiful”.](https://www.reddit.com/r/japan/comments/8nhi5m/highprofile_japanese_businesswoman_kazuyo_katsuma/dzvpgov/?context=1)

&gt; As a lesbian gaijin living in Japan, this warms my heart.

Deleted reply: [I'm sure it warms other organs too.](https://www.reddit.com/r/japan/comments/8nhi5m/highprofile_japanese_businesswoman_kazuyo_katsuma/dzvnuji/?context=1)

[""who cares"" should be the response everyone has.](https://www.reddit.com/r/japan/comments/8nhi5m/highprofile_japanese_businesswoman_kazuyo_katsuma/dzvl84k/)

[Why do people continue to have a need to announce their sexual life to the world? Who fucking cares.](https://www.reddit.com/r/japan/comments/8nhi5m/highprofile_japanese_businesswoman_kazuyo_katsuma/dzvzk4y/)

[Full thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/japan/comments/8nhi5m/highprofile_japanese_businesswoman_kazuyo_katsuma/)"
163,"Good day,

Are there any other melee players in Thailand? I've played melee competitively on and off for nearly 10 years and would love it if anybody could play netplay with me.  


I live in Chiang Mai.  


Unfortunately starting my own scene isn't an option for me, so I'm hoping somebody reads this and reaches out.  


I live here full time so if you see this post archived.. message me and I'll hit you back with my Facebook details.

There are a few guys on Smashboards who live in Thailand \- I'll be messaging them and maybe we'll set up a discord or something, so get in touch!

Thank you

j3ly"
164,"1. There's always a *gasp* when Tony Stark gets shanked 
2. You can always hear a pin drop when the heroes fade at the end
3. I find myself enthralled, wanting more"
165,"I was out tonight at a local bar when I was introduced to a friend of a friend.

The first thing I noticed was his A$AP Rocky x Guess Tee, something that I've been scouting for the past few weeks. I complimented, knowing that shirt is hype as fuuuu if legit. He claimed he bought it from a local Facebook group. Off the bat I was thinking ""imagine if this guy was a Rep Fam"".

We got to talking, and as it turned out we had alot of the same interests; technology, hype clothing and other stuff. Then I asked the question. ""Do you use Reddit?"". 

As soon as he pulled his phone out to show me the app front and center on his home screen, I knew. 

I called him on the rep tee which was 1:1 as far as I could tell. We both had a good laugh and had an awesome conversation about reps.

It was so surreal to be speaking in person with someone from the Fam, but I'm glad I now have a mate to help QC my next haul.

Thanks for the advice my man, see you next time.


"
166,"My friend was on the Strike Savathuns Song and found the first door straight after killing the first Ogre was open, He didn't capture the door open but here is the door I'm on about and a few videos inside of it.

- [Imgur Album](http://imgur.com/a/nLuqSYC)

- [Video 1]( http://xboxdvr.com/gamer/kamondo/video/52305680)

- [Video 2]( http://xboxdvr.com/gamer/kamondo/video/52306157)

- [Video 3]( http://xboxdvr.com/gamer/kamondo/video/52306406)

I hope this could maybe lead to something, we're going to try recreate this later on tonight."
167,"For about 10 years, I was a flooring installer. I was installing carpet at a home being built by a big builder. I typically cut the big roll of carpet on the driveway, and haul in the individual rooms. I typically always leave the door closed, but not latched so that I can simply push the door open with the roll of carpet.

Now this home didn’t have stairs leading up to the front door yet, so it had a long plank from the  front sidewalk, to the door that was about 3 feet off the ground. This makes it a pain, but it’s a pretty common thing on new construction homes.  

As I was approaching the plank near the front door, the electrician came out, shutting the door behind him.  I asked him to open the door for me so that I didn’t have to set the Heavy roll of carpet down to open the door. He replied with a lecture saying “sorry, I don’t do work for free, no one in the trades should, charge for everything you can”.  He then walked back out to his trailer. This made it a little more difficult to get the carpet in the house, but I managed just fine. 

When I was walking out of the house to get my next piece of carpet, he was walking up the front walk to the door while carrying 6 or 7 light fixtures.  I made sure to latch the door in my way out.  

Of course, with his hands full, he asked me to get the door for him, and I replied “that’ll be 15 dollars, I don’t do work for free.  No one in the trades should”.  He mumbled, and grumbled, so I just kept walking. He tried opening the door with his elbow and ended up falling off of the plank, and dripping and breaking 4 lights. 

I had to go hide in my van because I was laughing so hard.  "
168,"I was chaperoning a field trip with my first grader's class recently.  As we were gathered outside the the bus before returning to school, a number of the children were climbing on a small tree.  A parent from another school went ballistic on her school's students saying we don't climb on trees because ""they are living creatures and shouldn't be abused.""

My daughter looked at me funny and I said to her, ""I don't know, trees are meant for climbing.""


When the other school group left, my kid asked if she could climb. I said yes and she started climbing.

Her friends came around crying out, ""You can't climb that tree! It's a living thing!""

She kept climbing and I didn't stop her. 

AiTA?"
169,"With this new damage reduction update the state of PVP has greatly improved. Now you do not get one shotted by some guardian jumping on top of you, and you are forced to use more skill to take down a enemy. One problem is that concentration and mana goes down way to fast now, since the damage is so low. But just greatly reducing the damage of every single class has made PVE a nightmare. You now need to use all your resources to take down a single enemy, which is ridiculous for a MMO.

The latter part has also caused leveling to take way longer than pre patch. To fix this you should: 1\): Either reduce the health and damage of all mobs. Or 2\): Return the damage to its previous state, or perhaps a bit less, and increase the health of all classes by 3x. With this the mobs damage should also increase.

This patch has turned this MMO way to hardcore for the average player who bought this game. Please fix.

Edit: And yea, buff rangers. 

And NVZ\- with idea: Easiest fix: return to old damage, all Skills deal 50&amp;#37; of damage to other players. "
170,"""We do want people to play MTG to earn the rewards as that's the most satisfying way to feel the reward of your accomplishments."" - Chris Cao

It's official. The bad economy is to give you a 'sense of pride and accomplishment'"
171,Tons of studies have demonstrated that opposites don’t truly attract and that people are happiest when their partners are similar. Pao and Russ are so different. She seems so much happier and livelier around her Colombian friends. Russ is so awkward and uncomfortable when she acts like her true self. I really think she’s just using him.
172,"First of all as an introduction to my discussion, I'm a software developer who got a DMCA warning letter from one of the major game developer companies \(name starting with a 'B'\) for developing an open source emulator server software for one of their popular games.

\-\-\-

Conan Exiles is a great game. I've been playing it since the release and have already committed 238 hours since then.

Personally for me, it's more of a sandbox game then a survival and as a sandboxer and PvP oriented guy \(whom put tremendous amount of time in Albion Online, Ultima Online and so\) I'll be willing to spend more of my gaming time in Conan Exiles.

Yet again I think the client is well optimized, game design is quite good but one thing that greatly annoys me is about your poorly performing backend/server software.

As it's a proprietary software we can't really see the code / technology and comment on it but still as I've the skills to reverse engineer &amp; develop an emulator server for games \(though I've not started doing so for Conan Exiles :\) \) I've two cents to throw purely based on the game\-client's debug info &amp; feeling of the gameplay.

[https://image.ibb.co/ix9UVy/Untitled.jpg](https://image.ibb.co/ix9UVy/Untitled.jpg)

First for better understanding of other peeps, you can basically press '**Insert**' while ingame which will open the console.  Then you can basically type '**ToggleDebugHUD**' to see the panel.

So this panel basically provides us the following data;

Ping: my educated guess is that instead of a ICMP ping this is based on the game's own protocol's ping\-pong commands.

Server FPS: I think Funcom has poorly named the label as 'Server FPS' but it's should be better named 'Server Ticks'. For the who don't know what it means, it's basically like what we have  for GPU's;  'Frames Per Second' that your gpu can draw on your monitor. Similarly, server ticks means **ticks per second** that the backend/server can handle.

A 'tick' is unit time a server can completely handle all the changes &amp; perform the needed actions in a game world.

Normally in gaming world we are used to a minimum of 20 ticks per second \- where the server code can update the world 20 times in a second and then notify the clients about it. \(Note that it's not always necessary for server to notify the clients in the same rate. It can handle the ticks in a higher rate like 20 tics/sec but choose to notify the clients like 5 times per second. It's also usual to throttle clients based on their ingame region/actions performed\)

In the last years, we have seen companies like Blizzard to introduce **60 ticks/sec gameplay for Overwatch** and **DICE even achieved 100 ticks/sec with Battlefield 4 servers even in 2014 for 64 players**. Given that Battlefield has complex projectile math, you can easily achieve better for Conan Exiles compared to its current poor performance.

So for the ones whom don't know what I talk about is; those rubberbands, laggish &amp; teleporting  thralls &amp; NPC's is basically caused by this.

Yet, I'm aware that the poorly developed server software may not be the only reason for the current situation as service provider for your server's may be the root cause. If g\-portal has deployed more server instances than their hardware can handle, even if your server code is all good, extreme context switching or insufficient resources may be the cause.

So personally  I expect Funcom to confirm the problem at first \-\- basically informing us about the cause \(the server code or service provider?\) .

Then **before developing any kind of DLC / content / fix or whatever, please fix this major issue**. Rubberbanding in any kind of PvP/multiplayer game is **#1 reason you'll loose players** \(which you are already so!\)

With the current state of your server code / server provider, the game's combat system \(including PvP/PvE\) is literally unplayable.

Hopefully hearing from you guys about a potential fix will a good enough for us to be patient. And opening more server's and limiting the game to 40 online player's is really not a solution for this. This huge map really needs more than 40 like 70 or even a hundred in similar games like Ark.

\-\-\-

Here's a little extra side note for our community.

Those ping you see in server browser is completely different than ingame ping that you'll see in ToggleDebugHUD panel. The first is basically an ICMP protocol ping where the server's host operating system will reply the request where the later one is ingame\-protocol based ping.

So that's the reason even if you see \~60ping in server browser, the ingame will feel laggish &amp; start rubberbanding.

—-

update:

seems some of the guys did not get my conclusion. i’m not asking for increase in tick rate parameter in server settings. instead what i ask for is Funcom to confirm the issue and start optimizing server &amp; netcode before working on anything else."
173,"I know this may not be the number one melody they've ever written or most musically intricate song but Lyrically, I think it's hard to beat. Its in essence just a beautiful poem and when he does finally get to singing the chorus, I feel it adds so much to the emotion of the song. I've always felt this song was a work of art but I never see it mentioned here. Am I the only one who really loves this song or are their many others?"
174,"The whole idea of dating multiple people at once annoys me. It seems like more of a defense mechanism to me. Date multiple people at once so the sting of someone losing interest in you doesn't hurt so much.

I don't want to date 4 girls at the same time. I want to get to know one person intimately. Can people today really go from acting all lovey with a person one day, to doing it with another person the next? That's gross to me. I just want something genuine because that's the type of person I am.

Maybe it's my insecurities speaking, but its hard enough finding one person worth dating. Maybe I'm currently in a place where I'm just too eager to find someone, who knows. I probably spend too much time listening to horror stories on reddit but jeez, today's dating scene is tough."
175,"#1 Treating Your Date As If She’s The Queen Of England

The best way to impress a woman is “NOT” trying to impress her.

So, instead of treating a woman like she is a goddess, focus on having fun and treating her like your annoying little sister.

Why? Because when you place a woman on a pedestal and treat her like she is a queen, it shows that you have little to no value, no options with other women, and you’re just an ass-kisser who wants to get in her pants.

When you treat her like your annoying ass little sister, your interaction will be playful, and you will show her that you’re care-free, fun, and you’re not going to take shit from her.

Most men try to be perfect and super polite on a date, and instead of having an awesome date, it ends up being boring and forced.

If your date with a woman is boring as hell, you can pretty much kiss your chances of seeing her ever again, because if you're boring on a date she will assume you're boring in bed, and boring in general.

When you go on a date with a woman, you should treat her with respect, but you shouldn’t be treating her like she is your God. 

Treat her like a normal human being who has strengths and weaknesses like everybody else. Tease her and don't be afraid to make comments that might be polarizing. 

As strange as this may sound, the more you try “NOT” to impress her, the higher chance you will have of leaving a great impression.

#2 Going To A Date In A Serious Mood

This is a mistake a lot of guys make, and I used to be one of those guys. 

If you want to have a successful date, it’s best that you get yourself in a social mood before the date.

Sometimes I will go to the destination of the date early and talk to the people there to get myself in a talkative mood. 

Chances are your date probably had a long day, and the last thing she wants is to go on a date with a man who is super serious and stiff.

Loosen up. 

Listen to some loud music that pumps you up and gets you in an expressive state.

Do whatever you need to do to get out of your head and enjoy the present moment.

#3 Avoiding Eye Contact &amp; Not Being Vulnerable

It’s very difficult to create a strong connection with a woman if you’re not willing to make strong eye contact in your conversations, and you’re afraid to be vulnerable.

Strong eye contact shows a woman that you’re engaged in the conversation and the moment with her. It shows her that you’re listening to her. It shows her that you have nothing to hide. It shows her that you’re confident. When you avoid eye contact you display all the “opposite” qualities of what I mentioned above, and you will have a tough time creating a strong connection on your date.

Being vulnerable is powerful because most guys refuse to do it. Most guys try to act cool, or tough, or macho, but few traits are more cool, tough, or macho than being vulnerable.

Being vulnerable shows a woman that you have healthy emotions and you’re not afraid to show her who you really are.

However, being vulnerable should not be mistakened with being a pussy. Those are two completely different things.

Being vulnerable is about removing your “mask” and letting go of the act of trying to be cool. Being a pussy is when you just complain, bitch, and moan like a little boy.

Be vulnerable, but don’t be a pussy."
176,"I'm on reddit is fun, but also curious about other versions of reddit"
177,I suggest we add Baby Pink Gold Tanooki Cat Peach.
178,"**Warning \- very very long post incoming! \- formatting may be off due to the size of the post.**

**Disclaimer:** Played since launch, sitting at 2500 hours and took some breaks every now and then.

I've noticed a lot of question for MMORPGs so I decided to write up a little summary for my favorite MMO franchise **Guild Wars** and the latest game **Guild Wars 2.**

Note \- I will be tackling this as a **You should try** post since the base game is F2P.

**So why should I buy / try GW2 if I'm looking for an MMORPG?**

As mentioned above, the game is F2P but this version has restrictions.[Here](https://help.guildwars2.com/hc/en-us/articles/230165307-Guild-Wars-2-Account-Types-Free-Core-HoT-PoF) you can find a table comparing F2P to the base game &amp; both expansions.You **can** play the whole base game to level 80 even with these restrictions, there's been enough examples at r/Guildwars2 confirming this.

Anyhow, there's more reason as to why you should definitely try out the free version if you're on the fence.

* Guild Wars 2 caters to both **casual** and **hardcore** players. I'm going to focus on the level of dedication and the toughness of content here.
   * **Casual**: There's no pressure to keep up with armor, no need to log in every day, ...You can play at your own pace, set your own goals, basically do whatever you prefer.Open World content can be done alone and there's no need to min\-max for this content.Dungeons aren't too hard &amp; finding groups for them is easy via the group finder.Some dungeons are a tad harder but they're perfectly do\-able with the right gear.There's no gear treadmil.The difference between exotic \(easiest and 2nd best armor tier\) and ascended gear \(the 'best' gear\) is only a 5&amp;#37; increase for said stats. Exotic armor is easily obtainable via dungeons, drops, crafting, just playing really.I'm not going to expand any further since it's pretty obvious, this game can be played very very casually in a way of difficulty and time \- you don't need to invest a lot of time to have fun!
   * **Hardcore**: People who're looking for tougher content \(than open world / dungeons\) have a multitude of options so satisfy their cravings.
      * ***Raids***: Yup, Guild Wars has raids too \- divided in wings and they're the hardest content. They're also based on mechanics and there are of course meta team compositions. Raids are cleared in parties of 10.
      * ***Fractals***: These are progressive mini\-dungeons. They're shorter than the actual dungeons but they're also divided in levels \(sort of like Mythics in WoW\). You start out at fractal level 1 and progress your way up to 100. The dungeons get harder per level and people like to clear the higher levels as fast as possible and / or solo even.
      * ***Legendaries*** :Okay, I kind of lied about the gear, ascended isn't the last tier. Legendary armor, weapons and trinkets are the last tier. There's no stat increase over ascended though!What's the difference then? Well legendary weapons have extra animations \(glows, fire, ice, ...\) and when sheathed and moving some of them kind drop drips of... your weapon. You can also change your stat combination on the fly \(whereas for exotic/ascended you would have to craft a whole new set\).Okay so fancypants weapons and the ease of changing my stats, wow that's not hardcore... Well they take quite some time to craft and assemble. Going for a legendary on it's own can be quite a time sink &amp; therefor huge goal. Casual players don't let this spook you. There's RNG involved too and just playing the game will passively net you a nice chunk of the required materials. Hardcore players just like to ""grind"" them so I included it under this section.
      * ***Achievements***:There are various achievements to be earned. Tied to the story, PvP, WvW, ... rewarding you achievement points \(AP\) &amp; some times extra rewards \(gold, armor, armor skins, ...\). Some people like to AP Hunt and gather as many AP as they can.Every 500 AP you also get a chest and some passive account bonusses \(xp gain increase, gold gain increase, ...\) .Every 5K AP you get a bigger chest with more items, more gold, a title, ...Some achievements are easy to get or just require some time \(kill X spiders\), others require more skill, patience or a mix of all of the above \(wouldn't be AP hunting otherwise\)....
* **PvE** \- I'll discuss the PvE content more here
   * **Open World \-** The open world on its own provides for quite a bit of content. GW2 doesn't really use traditional \(side\)questing. Maps are filled with **Heart quests, vistas, points of interest &amp; dynamic events.**
      * **Heart Quests** can be found on the map and are automatically ""active"" once you enter the vicinity. On the top right corner you'll see how you can progress these and once they're done you get rewarded without having to even talk to an NPC. There is however always an NPC that becomes a vendor once you complete a heart quest. These sell a variety of things \- not always useful but still good to know.
      * **Vistas** are kind of like towers in assassins creed. They don't reveal the map more but they give you a cinematic view of the area/landscape and they also count for your map completion.
      * **POIs** \(points of interest\) are your standard landmarks and sometimes landmarks from GW1. Interesting zones, buildings, ruins, ... They also count for map completion.
      * **Dynamic events** can pop up at any time \(some have fixed cooldowns\) and anyone running around can participate. They're pretty fun and a very good way to level inbetween heart quests and a good way to keep things interesting.
      * **There's also Event chains**. They're basically multiple events chained to one another.There's just so much to do in the open world apart from all this but this is actual content.
   * **Dungeons**
      * Your standard 5\-man dungeon that has 2 ""modes"".
      * *Storymode* \(mandatory to finish these to start your own exploration mode group\). These are tied to the story and as soon as your eligible to do these, you'll get a mail ingame.
      * *Exploration mode* is where it's at though. The dungeons get harder and they get divided into 3 paths \- you choose \(as a party\) which path you'll do somewhere at the start of the dungeon.You can only do 1 path per time so you can basically gain rewards for the same dungeon 3 times and you get a bonus if you clear all 3 once per day.These dungeons give you dungeon tokens and gold. The tokens can be used to buy those dungeons' armor sets \(they all have their own skins and 3 stat combinations to choose between\).
   * **Personal Story**This is basically your main quest. This is in the form of a more traditional questing system \( a questlog, NPCs to talk to, ...\) and actually has a story/advances your character in the story. The story overall isn't *super* but it ain't bad either.HOWEVER Arenanet has decided to continue developing the story via the Living World Story. The living world is **basically extra FR**EE content we get every x weeks \(Schedule varies\) that keep advancing the story after the base game and the seasons are also tied and sometimes in between the expansions. They add new maps, missions/quests, achievements, armor, ...They really want to keep the world alive and the story advancing which is very very nice.
   * **Fractals**
   * **Raids**\(as explained above\)
* **PVP**I actually find the PvP very enjoyable.It's a domination/conquest type of game mode and can be played \(un\)ranked and solo or duo. You **don't** need to be max level to play.You can create a character, do the intro and immediately port to the lobby.PvP gear is based on stat trinkets &amp; runes that are the same for everyone. You get most of them on the fly \(at least the popular ones\), some you have to ""pay"" for with gold but it isn' much and it's usually very specific \(less used\) runes and such.The beauty of PvP is that you can\*\* earn PvE rewards via rew**ard tracks. That way you can still go for that legendary or a specific \(dungeon\*\) **armor se\*\*t even if you only play PVP.
* **WvW** \(World vs. World vs. World\)In this gamemode 3 servers face off against eachother over 4 maps.This is basically a teamed open world PvP gamemode. You have to control as many towers, keeps, supply camps as you can over the span of the 4 maps. The more you control, the more points you get. You basically want to win your match\-ups for ... honor.Just like in PvP you can also activate reward tracks for extra loot. Killing players and NPCs in WvW will of course also get you loot, but seeing as there are less NPCs to kill and more players \(which is harder\) you won't necessarily gain loot as fast as in PvE.There's usually a commander leading the map. This is a person with a blue Dorito above his head who's either leading 49 other people off of a cliff or leading them to capture a keep or fight another commander.

Seeing as the game modes already took quite a write\-up I'll try to emphasize other selling points and keep it as short as I can.

* **Fashion Wars**:
   * Collecting armor &amp; skins can also be a huge timesink if that's what you like. There's plenty of armor, weapon &amp; backpack skins to collect as well as armor dyes for extra crispy dye combination.
* **Miniatures**:
   * Kind of like pets but completely useless, you can have 1 mini running behind you. These are also collectable &amp; some main characters have a mini. So you could have anything from spiders, cats, raid bosses or important NPCs in the form of a mini.
* **Seasonal events**:
   * During Winter for example there's the wintersday event, Halloween there's The Mad King who usually pays a visit and in April there's Super Adventure Box \(this one is *really* loved by the community\). They appear every year and add extra content spread over the world of Guild Wars 2. They add extra achievements and collectables during that time.
* **The community**:
   * Is just amazing and very welcoming. Just check r/Guildwars2 and find out for yourself.There's been an influx of new players \(due to the Bless online fiasco\) so it's also a good time to get started! Also due to **megaservers** no map will ever be empty and starter maps usually have veterans running around helping other people.Via the group\-finder you can also find parties who're doing certain events on a certain map.
* **Combat**:
   * The combat is dynamic \(dodge\-rolling \+ underwater combat\) and engaging \(especially in harder fractals / raids\).You get 5 skills per weapon / weapon combination.Every 2 handed weapon gets 1 set of 5 skills \(differs per class of course\)&amp; every mainhand weapon gets 3 and the off\-hand weapon gets 2 skills.You get 1 healing skill \(slot 6\) &amp; 3 utility skills \(you can swap these\) and finally an elite skill \(can also swap between multiple elites\). You unlock elite &amp; utility skills when leveling.Every class has multiple utility and elite skills.
* **Classes &amp; professions**
   * Classes can choose between professions \(professions are more specialized &amp; the expansion packs are necessary to play these\).I will always include the professions in the order of the expansions.The first expansion is Heart of Thorns &amp; the second is Path of Fire.
   * [Elementalist](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Elementalist)
      * is your elemental mage that can wield a staff, daggers, a sceptre and a focus.They have skills related to the elements \(fire, earth, water, air\) &amp; are mainly DPS\-focussed but can also function as a support \(in WvW mainly\).
      * Possible professions for Elementalist are [Tempest ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Tempest)\(DPS focus\) &amp; [Weaver ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Weaver)\(also DPS focus\).Tempest focusses more on extra crit damage and such while Weaver allows you to combine your elements \(so water \+ fire would give you steamy skills of some sort\).
   * [Ranger](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Ranger)
      * Well, your typical ranger \- pet basically. At its core a DPS class with Longbow, Shortbow, 2H sword, 1H sword, Axe, Horn. You can also tame pets to unlock more and pets can be controlled to some extent \(mainly their attacks\).
      * Professions are [Druid ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Druid)\(support focus\) &amp; [Soulbeast ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Soulbeast)\(DPS focus\).Druids mainly rely on astral forces to heal and support allies while also still providing good DPS.Soulbeast rangers ""absorb"" the soul of their pet and gain their skills as well as other bonusses.
   * [Warrior](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Warrior)
      * Your typical Leroy Jenkins. A tougher melee DPS class that can wield 2H weapons, maces, axes, swords, shields, ...
      * Their professions are [Berserker ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Berserker)\(focus on DoT DPS or condition damage\) &amp; [Spellbreaker ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Spellbreaker)\(focus on DPS and stripping buffs\).
   * [Necromancer](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Necromancer)
      * Your minion spawning, curse and condition \(poison, burning, bleeding\) generating spawn of darkness. They mainly focus on DoTs but can also be utilized as pure DPS. They cast curses and spells that take down targets by applying a mass of conditions as well as stripping buffs from enemies \(believe me, this is big\).
      * Their professions are [Reaper ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Reaper)\(DPS/DoT, *can be run as both*\) and [Scourge ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Reaper)\(DoT and Support\).
   * [Engineer](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Engineer)
      * Your turret, bombkit wielding tinkerer. Mainly a DPS class that can wield either a rifle, a pistol &amp; shield or double pistol set\-up. They don't have as many weapon combinations but they can run bomb / mine kits that replace weapon skills with new kit skills. They're a bit more complex to play but definitely fun to do so.
      * Their professions are [Scrapper ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Scrapper)\(DPS/Bruiser\) &amp; [Holosmith ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Holosmith)\(more glassy DPS\).
   * [Mesmer](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Mesmer)
      * Your arcane illusionist. Mainly a DPS class but can also be run as a DoT or Support class.They rely heavily on multiple Phantasms or Clones to deal damage. They can spawn up to 3 Phantasm / clones and *shatter* them for extra damage.
      * Their professions are [Chronomancer ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Chronomancer)\(DPS/Support\) &amp; [Mirage ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Mirage)\(DPS/DoT\).
   * [Guardian](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Guardian)
      * Your tankier class at its core. They're divine warriors that focus on supporting the party with shouts but they can also deal significant damage if you spec them that way. They are very much favored in WvW \(they're buff dispensers\).
      * Their professions are [Dragon Hunter](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Dragonhunter) \(DPS &amp; favorable in PvP\) &amp; [Firebrand](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Firebrand) \(More support\-like\).
   * [Thief](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Thief)
      * Your Glass assassin class. Guess what, these are DPS\-focussed of course *but* can also run DoT builds. They rely heavily on backstabs and stealthing for damage and are squishier than a warrior for example. Know when to hit and who to hit!
      * Their professions are [Daredevil](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Daredevil) \(bit tankier, still DPS\) &amp; [Deadeye](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Deadeye) \(DPS, sniper\).
   * [Revenant](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Revenant)\(Heart of Thorns expansion required\)
      * Revenants are a new class that got introduced with the HoT expansion.They're warriors/assassins from the Mists and rely heavily on stances/auras that they gained from Legends that now reside in the Mists. They're a bit squishier than warriors hence why I also included assassin in the description. They can warp through the Mists for teleported attacks and can swap between 2 stances during combat. They also share buffs which is a nice extra and favorable in PvE.
      * Since they got introduced in HoT they only have 1 extra profession \(which comes with Path of Fire expansion\). This being [Renegade ](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Renegade)*\(DPS\).*

I'm going to start rounding up this already too big wall of text &amp; just end with some practical information. If you decide to try the game and like it, you don't need to buy the base game as it is included in any of both expansions.So you can upgrade your F2P account by buying either Heart of Thorns or Path of Fire. The expansion packs however are to be bought separately **but they go on sale pretty often.**

If you're playing it already but are doubting for the expacs \- [THEY ARE ON SALE NOW.](https://twitter.com/GuildWars2/status/1002279608463642630)

If you made it this far and have any other questions, feel free to ask me any time!

**edit: Formatting &amp; added links to classes &amp; professions.**

**edit 2: Added a** [link](https://twitter.com/GuildWars2/status/1002279608463642630) **to official Arenanet tweet for the discounts!**"
179,I feel like I’m losing it
180,"Friends viewers of esport's streaming, I need your help to make esports rise on an academic level !

I'm writing my master's thesis which is about esports and streaming, and more precisely on the future of esport's broadcasting. It would be insane if I can get around 200 answers \&lt;3

If you could take some minuts of your time in order to fill this quick survey, you'll make my day ! I believe in the esports community !

[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeM6ZAjwRIUewFw9PjMUTvPM\-9aJcKkl9Wkqc5XJhZh609zFA/viewform?usp=sf\_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeM6ZAjwRIUewFw9PjMUTvPM-9aJcKkl9Wkqc5XJhZh609zFA/viewform?usp=sf_link)

Thank you for your cooperation,

Joris Gufroy"
181,"I can probably make a Wonderwall backing track (haven't seen any on youtube that I liked; most of them have very poorly balanced mixes), and we just jam over it.

Use your teles and katanas and metal zoans if you like. I'll edit the videos together and mods or whoever can upload them.

If enough people want to do it why the fuck not right. Noel Gallagher'd be proud of us for sure."
182,"According to the ability text, unlocking MRG's passive at tier 4 increases his block chance by 5%. It does do that, but it has another huge effect that isn't mentioned: increasing his block *amount* by **25%**. See for yourself: 


[Here](https://i.imgur.com/2uhb0Ng.png) is our riot guard at tier 3, without the passive unlocked, and [here](https://i.imgur.com/f6OSJP2.png) are his block stats. 0% block chance, 25% block amount. 

And [here](https://i.imgur.com/DKTq6zW.png) he is after upgrading to T4 and unlocking his passive, and [here](https://i.imgur.com/wRH32ef.png) are his block stats. 5% block chance (as the passive states), and *50%* block amount.

This is, in my opinion, pretty major. It gives MRG by far the highest block amount in the game - only SHIELD Security and Captain America with upgraded passives have more than 25%, at 30%. Looks like MRG's a lot tougher than his abilities reflect. Thoughts?"
183,"After spending the last two few weeks weighing up whether or not to grab the PSVR, my girlfriend just surprised me with the VR Worlds bundle and Resident Evil as an early birthday present!

Grabbed two move controllers and a few titles I've been looking at, and I'm astounded by how I didn't get this sooner!

Resident Evil gives me a little bit of motion sickness, but I've been easing in with Job Simulator, Rick &amp; Mortey and Statik!

Sorry for the random post! Hella hyped to finally have the VR, and can't wait to get more involved within the community :)

Edit: Everyone is so welcoming! Thank you all for you suggestions too, definitely getting Superhot tonight!"
184,"Believe it or not, this is happening right now. Last night I was eating chicken wings. I swallowed, and felt a sharp, stabbing pain run down the side of my throat. Not like normal food got stuck in my throat pain, but more like a searing pain as if a sharp knife had just been plunged through the side of my neck. I came home, and after playing video games for a bit, went to bed. When I woke up this morning, the pain was much worse than it had been last night. I have a stabbing pain in the side of my throat every time I swallow, and I've had to text everything to my employees this morning because I've partially lost my voice and they couldn't hear me on the phone.

I am currently sitting in a hospital bed, waiting on a CAT scan to see if I've actually damaged anything in there. I've broken bones, been in two major car accidents, had two collapsed lungs, and a host if other emergent room visits. This is by far the dumbest thing that has ever happened to me.

Edit: they just made me drink a mixture of mylax and lidocaine. That was disgusting, but at least it doesn't hurt quite as much to swallow. Still waiting for CAT scan. 

TL;DR  Ate chicken wings last night. Now sitting in hospital waiting on a CAT scan to see if I've damaged my throat. 

Update:  CAT scan does not show anything stuck in my throat. Doctor believes it was either punctured or cut by a piece of chicken bone. Antibiotics to prevent infection for now, follow up in a few days unless the pain continues to worsen. Most expensive chicken wings ever. 

Update 2:  started antibiotics and a steroid. Have to avoid spicy foods, or anything else that could possibly irritate it for a bit, but overall it's better than it could have been. Pain meds are helping too. :)"
185,"As summer is upon us I think it's time to revisit a brief safety tip that everyone should know before venturing out onto the track. This post is aimed more at the crowd that has modified their cars less so than the ones with showroom stock ± minor bolt ons, but has information and links to more information that is beneficial to both groups.

You may have seen the brand ""Cusco"" around. They're a pretty big name, particularly in Japan tuning. However, do not be led astray by their shiny show parts because that's all they're good for: show.  [Tragedy could have been avoided if the owner of the purple Altezza had a proper cage or even rollbar installed.](http://i.imgur.com/XMeJHaF.jpg). [This](http://www.cuscousainc.com/products/roll-cage/d1-rollcage.html) is the roll ""cage"" that the owner had installed. Note that is not advertised as an FIA-certified cage for racing.

Cusco does make a [couple](http://www.cuscousainc.com/products/roll-cage/safety-21-rollcage.html) of [FIA-compliant](http://www.cuscousainc.com/products/roll-cage/fia-asn-rollcage.html) roll cages. The Safety 21 cage is designed for cars with most of its interior, and the ASN cage is design for gutted track cars. **However, I still would not recommend the Safety 21 cage because there should** ***never*** **be [open bolts at hinge points](http://www.cuscousainc.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/317x/9a109bd5ea97eb39be5b2e97a1a0c9ab/s/a/safety21.jpg) in any roll cage or bar.**

If you want to keep yourself safe on the track in your street car, I highly suggest looking to a roll bar made by one of the following FIA and/or SCCA-approved manufacturers:

http://www.autopowerindustries.com/index.html  
http://www.safetydevices.com/  
https://trackdogracing.com/rollbars.aspx (for Miatas mostly)  

If you're looking to become a hardcore track rat then [this](http://www.speedhunters.com/2017/07/roll-cage-tech/) article explains the different types of welded cages available.

Keep it safe and shiny side up!"
186,"So, the other day I had an end of the year project for photography class, and the theme was through the decades. Since my family has every iPhone from the 4 to the 8, I decided to compare video qualities between them. We keep them just incase one of our phones break. I snapped a picture of all the iPhone boxes stacked up, from big to little, and posted it on Instagram. This guy had the nerve to FaceTime me (I gave him my number at one point in time years ago) and say this: 

Guy: Hey [name] what’s going on?

Me: Oh nothing much. Just trying to catch up on some homework. What about you? 

Guy: I’m trying to get some rest. I’ve been working hard all day cleaning out basements from that big flood that happened, trying to get some money to feed the fam. Mimi (his grandmother) is getting real sick, and the whole bottom floor of her house got flooded. So I gotta get that done to. It’s so hard getting any money, we might not have food for the next three days.

Me: That’s not good. How-

Guy: Yeah I hurt my leg real bad the other day, so I’ve been limping around trying to clean for people so we can eat. I can’t wait to get food. I lost my phone the other day in the creek, and I can’t call my mom to tell her how I’ve been. 

Me: I’m so sorry. I didn’t know times were that rough.

Guy: Well, anyway I was on your Instagram, and I saw that picture. I was wondering...maybe you can help me out, and possibly give me one of those phones.

Me: (being naive and to generous) Ok, I have an iPhone 5 I can ship to you. The screen messes up from time to time, but I’ll have to ask my dad since it’s his. He shouldn’t care though, since it just sits around collecting dust. 

Guy: Oh...um I was hoping you could give me something newer than that. Like an 8? 

Me: Uh...I’m sorry but everything else is in use right now. (My dad has a 6, my mom has an 8 plus like me, my 2 sisters each have the 7, and my other sister has an 8.) But, I can send you the 5-

Guy: What do you mean in use?

Me: Like the people they were bought for are still using them. 

Guy: Ok, can’t you give me yours? 

Me: lol what? 

Guy: Yeah. Just give me yours, and then you can give me 2 more later on for my brother and my friend. 

Me: No, I don’t think I can do that.

Guy: Why not?

Me: Because what would I use? Plus, they aren’t all mine.

Guy: Well, your dad can just buy you a new one. 

Me: No he can’t. Like I said, I can give you the 5 but- 

Guy: Nah scratch that. You should give me an iPhone from the store. You know so it won’t have finger prints on it, and then get the other 2.

Me: I never said I was giving you 3 iPhones. Just one, and definitely not brand new. 

Guy: but, my leg is hurt real bad, and I can’t work without them. 

Me: I don’t care. I said one and one only, and now I don’t even know if I want to give you it. 

Guy: Ugh fine. Just send the 5 here. I may get $30 out of it...what about your Xbox? 

Me: What about it?

Guy: Well, I need to get my nephew a birthday present and he really wanted one.

Me: I’m not giving you my Xbox. 

Guy: You’re such a stupid selfish princess bitch you know that? You get everything bought for you, and you’re so privileged. You don’t have to work like me.

Me: Excuse me? I worked and saved for both of the things you just asked me for! My parents didn’t help me get those things at all! It took me 1 year to get them! 

Guy: Whatever, I expect what I asked for to be sent here by next week, or there will be hell to pay.

Me: Bet I won’t. *I hung up on him* 
"
187,"I don’t have a degree, but a few years ago this job took a chance and hired me based off of my experience. 

I worked so hard at this job, and over the years it became so stressful to where I was making myself sick. I couldn’t enjoy vacations because I was worried about work, I couldn’t enjoy weekends because I was worried about work. I couldn’t enjoy marriage fully because I was worried about work. I woke up every day hoping I would be in some terrible accident so that I wouldn’t have to go in. 

I buckled down and started interviewing at places. Eventually I found a great fit that wanted me ASAP. I took a long time to think about it, took a long hard look at life and my mental and physical health. I made the decision officially  today and just sent in my resignation. I am starting my new job tomorrow without notice to my current employer. 

I am nervous and scared, but I know this was right for me in the long run. This is what’s better for me. I just hope I can be as good at this new job to live happy. I think that getting out of a terribly toxic place will do wonders for my motivation and health. 

I’m scared. I’m nervous. I have the support of my wife and family as they’ve watched what that place did to me. 

Wish me luck in this risky step in my adult life. "
188,"This happened a few months ago, but it still makes me a bit bitter. So there was a girl at my school who died in a car crash. She was a good person, smart, but I didn't know her. I had never talked to her, never sat in a group with her, etc. Not because I didn't like her, but because I'm not a social person. We had one class together before she died. I'm going to be perfectly honest with you, when they told us at the beginning of the day that she had died, I didn't recognize the name. It wasn't until I got to that class that I learned who it was. So basically we sit there for the entire hour, I say a silent prayer out of respect for her, but I mostly just stare at my desk. Later in the day, I start to get some hate from other people in that class, because I was the only one who didn't cry. They said stuff about how I was heartless and need to be more respectful to the dead. I never knew her, I shouldn't be forced to cry over her death. Very few people in that class had reason to cry over her death, because she hadn't been very social. Two days later everybody was fine except for her actual friends. Everybody else was just being fake, and they all knew it. They pretended to grieve because that's what everybody else was doing. It makes me sick."
189,"https://www.mlb.com/all-star/ballot

Link in this section because the automod or Reddit is preventing me from submitting the link in the ""link"" format. Apparently the link is the exact same as last year and it's tripping the sensors because of that."
190,"____

Kyle frowned as Octavian drove on in the moonlight. He hadn’t thought the opposing Commander would reveal his plot so quickly. 

*No,* he swiftly realized. *This is only a part of it.* 

Octavian was manipulating him, just like he had done to so many others. The long-standing Commander was determined to remain on the show no matter the consequences. 

*Not this time. The writers have spoken. Octavian will die at my hand.*

Kyle had traveled the path to King Ender’s castle only once before, as a foot soldier in the failed assault of season three. It had been the closest King George had ever come to victory, advancing into King Ender’s territory after unveiling a brilliant new battle tactic. Octavian had led a valiant charge from Ender’s castle during the night which had caught King George’s troops by *surprise*. 

It had been one of the most extensive battles in the history of the show, leaving hundreds *dead* on either side. The producers had been forced to feed massive burial pyres for nearly a week to maintain the illusion of the war. Even now, Kyle still wondered what fuel they had used to keep them going. Miranda had advised him not to question such things.  

“What do you mean by that?” Kyle asked a moment later. 

Octavian produced a stack of paper from inside his bag and waved it mockingly in front of the bars of Kyle’s mobile prison. “There’s been a change to the script.”

*Of course. I’ll bet I’m the one who has to die now.*

“No one told me.” Kyle kept his voice level. Once, his tone would have betrayed his inner turmoil, but after a few years playing the Commander he could manage the feat. Until he understood the other man’s plan, it would be best to play along. 

“That’s because the writers couldn’t afford to let everyone know the truth,” Octavian explained as the path began to wind into the mountains. “I didn’t even believe it myself at first.” 

Kyle eyed the *soldier* skeptically. “The truth?” 

“We’ve entered the final season of the show. This storyline will end the war once and for all. Obviously, I’d let you see the script if I could, but you’ll have to believe my word for now.”

Kyle was thankful for the darkness to hide his shocked expression. The end of the show? Did Octavian honestly expect him to believe that? 

“Explain yourself.” 

“I’m sure you noticed that this storyline is out of the ordinary,” Octavian went on in his smooth voice. “We’ve only come to this point because King Ender has forced the writers’ hand. Truthfully, it was only a matter of time before one of them grew tired of the endless war. 

“You see, King Ender ordered me to push on after our latest victory, no matter the costs. Even after I told him King George had sent reinforcements and held the advantageous ground, he wouldn’t change his mind. This imprisonment storyline was the writers’ way to temporarily placate him. It was only in rewrites that they realized the real opportunity at hand.”

“Your … *ascent*, I’m guessing?”

“Exactly. The writers have decided to kill off King Ender and install me in his place.”

Kyle’s jaw dropped. It was even worse than he thought. Octavian hadn’t just talked the writers into allowing him to survive their looming battle, he had somehow convinced them to make him King. It was a storyline that would never work…

*It can’t be the writers*, Kyle realized. *This is all Octavian. He’s gone completely insane. I can’t let him succeed.*

Kyle had always believed the show would eventually end, but he would not let Octavian end it prematurely. He would not let the selfish man restart the war that had nearly ended the world just because he couldn’t stand to have his character written off!

Taking a deep breath, Kyle calmed himself. He had to hear out the *new* script to understand how he could save the show. “What do I have to do?” 

Octavian hesitated. “You … actually believe me?”

“Of course,” Kyle nodded, “I know you speak with the writers. That’s the only way you could have survived this long, right? It makes sense that they would want this twist to remain a surprise. It will change everything.”

“Exactly,” Octavian replied, once again the pinnacle of confidence. A lesser actor probably wouldn’t have noticed his slight hesitation the moment before. 

“So, what do I need to do?” 

“The beginning of the scene is unchanged,” Octavian explained, “You’ll still be imprisoned, and you’ll still be freed by one of King George’s *spies* within the castle. Only now, instead of trying to escape, you will confront the King…”

As Octavian explained his self-created rise to power, Kyle rested his bound hands atop the knife he had taken from the set. He would not let Octavian end the show before its time. It was his duty to maintain the peace for as long as possible. 

If that meant actually killing Octavian, then so be it.

____
Thanks for reading! [Next](https://www.reddit.com/r/creatorcorvin/comments/8ntgqb/the_war_3/)
 
If interested, I have several [other stories](https://www.reddit.com/r/creatorcorvin/comments/8k975s/welcome_series_list_favorite_prompts_updates/) on this sub to ease the wait. 
"
191,"I had an interesting experience with ants yesterday. They have been coming in through my kitchen window to feed on food in my kitchen. I closed the gap in the window that they were coming in through, but some ants were still inside the house. I found the behavior of these remaining ants interesting: They huddled into ""groups,"" as if they were talking, and then they started to spread out, as if they were searching for a way back to the colony.

I have two questions:

1. What do ants usually do when they are separated from the colony (e.g., as above)?

2. What were the ants who were trapped in my house probably doing?

Thanks."
192,"Yesterday, I went to the grocery store to stock up on my veggies for this weekend and ran into an old friend of mine and her son that used to live around the corner from us. As we were standing in line he said to me, rather loudly ""your butt isn't as fluffy as it used to be. Where did it go?"" I thought his mother was going to faint from embarrassment after he said that. I couldn't help but laugh. I love how honest kids are! That was the first time anyone had said anything about my weight loss. I'll take it!"
193,"Close the border, send those already here back to the US.

Boycott illegal immigrants from the US!!"
194,"3615Mavie : 

Ces derniers temps la ribambelle de publicités et bandes annonces avant le début de la séance me donnait l'impression d'être de plus en plus longue, donc j'ai commencé à regarder l'heure du début du film par rapport à l'heure annoncée pour voir combien de temps ça durait et s'il y a une évolution dans le temps.

Sur les 3 derniers mois (en excluant hier soir, j'y viens après), c'était toujours entre 23 et 25 minutes, donc relativement stable.  
J'ai pas de chiffres sur avant, donc difficile à dire s'il y a vraiment une augmentation par rapport à l'an dernier, par contre, on peut constater que sur un film de 1h40, ça représente 1/4 de la longueur du film, ce qui me semble considérable.  
Vous imaginez aller sur n'importe quel site de vidéo et vous taper 2min30 de pub sans le bouton ""skip"" pour **chaque** vidéo de 10 minutes ? **Et en plus payer pour ce service ?**  
J'ai plus la télévision pour vérifier par moi même, mais apparemment [c'est limité à 2 coupures de 6 minutes](http://www.csa.fr/Television/Le-suivi-des-programmes/Les-communications-commerciales/La-publicite), donc la moitié du cinéma, et on paye pas 10 boules la place.

Hier soir, je suis entré dans la salle de cinéma pas trop tard pour avoir une bonne place pour une séance à 20h45, et le film a commencé à ... 21h19, soit 34 minutes de publicité.   
34 minutes c'est très long.  
Pour dire, ils ont même passé 2 fois la bande annonce de Jurassic World (rires nerveux dans la salle quand les gens ont remarqué).  

Vous en pensez quoi des publicités au cinéma ? Les publicités sont aussi longues par chez vous ? Quel est le meilleur moyen de signaler mon mécontentement au cinéma (je pense qu'une plainte au caissier n'ira pas plus loin que son oreille) ?


---------------
TL;PL : Hier soir j'ai eu le droit à 34 minutes de publicité au cinéma, c'était méga long et j'ai besoin de râler."
195,"##### Chapter 265
---
#Link(s):



* [MangaStream](https://readms.net/r/shokugeki_no_souma/265/5125/1)

---

Support the industry, get your Weekly Shonen Jump from VIZ [here](http://www.viz.com/shonenjump).


"
196,"Idk. Maybe I do the same thing and I just don't realise, but I'd like to think I treated everyone equally. My looks have changed dramatically since I was 16. (I'm 18 now). I don't believe anyone is truly ugly; it's all subjective but I was considered conventionally ugly and after doing stuff for ME (eg losing weight to be healthy, using products to stop painful spots) I'm considered conventially attractive. 

Women don't really treat me any differently. Boys used to treat me badly. They would ask me out as a joke, call me ugly, if there was a group of boys they'd be like to one of them ""oh look there's your girlfriend"" and the guy would be like ""EWWWWW"". Even grown men would stop me on the streets and say ""you need to lose some weight, love"".


Now men hold open doors, look at me, smile, treat me with respect that was never there among other things. One man even wanted me to be part of what looked like some seedy photo shoot. Some boys who I thought were friends when I was ""ugly"" have stopped talking to me for rejecting their advances. It's just disgusting. I should be respected because I'm a person, not because my waist shrunk by a few inches or my skin got nicer ect.


Sorry if someone believes this is a humble brag because it truly isn't. I hear so many men justifying this by saying ""men are visual creatures"". Perhaps this is true, but you shouldn't bully a teenage girl because she's not your definition of beautiful."
197,"Welcome to Whose Line is it Anyway- 40k Edition!

[I am your host Drough Carius](http://imgur.com/fjVCUJg) and welcome to Whose Bolter is it Anyway? where the questions are made up and the heresy doesn't matter.

Most of you know what to do, post quips and little statements related to 40k lore, not in question form, and have people improvise a response to it.

Some examples…

1) Things Alpharius isn't responsible for

2) Things you can say to a commissar, but not your gf.

3) etc.,

Please be witty, none of us want an inbox full of unfunny stuff."
198,"Title. [Here's the email that Njntendo sent out to the banned people](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/337038403684139019/452085025366867991/image.png) Some confirmed bans are:

* Samuel Bessega (though he also has 2 other Switches supposedly)
* RyanEU
* Sheldon
* And more...

OP will be updated with more info as it comes in. "
199,"I just finished watching the Apocalypse Trilogy (The Thing, Prince of Darkness, In the Mouth of Madness) and while I loved all three, ITMOM was by far the best horror film I’ve seen. My only gripe is that there wasn’t more! Now I’m off to read “In the Mountain of Madness”"
200,"Am I the only one who can’t stand Carole?

I hate her “cool girl” attitude. I find it annoying that she always has to make a point to mention that she was a journalist and acts like she is above the other housewives. I know the other ladies (Bethenny especially) promote the crap out of their brand on the show, but Carole comes off as her career makes her better than them, she is on a reality tv show JUST like the others.

I do think she gets a better edit because she is friends with Andy Cohen.

Also, incase you weren’t aware, she was best friends with JFK jr. and his wife, married to a prince and apparently the only person who has ran a marathon...

Look, I know RHONY has a lot of crazies, but Carole’s entitled attitude really annoys me. At least the other ladies are aware they are on a show and don’t act like they are above it."
201,I’ve never had coffee but it smells nice. 
202,"https://twitter.com/Coach_Leach/status/1002427428969635840

Just a highlight video of monkeys attacking people.  Its not violent, just amusing.  No context, just the Pirate himself using the internet for its intended use.  Would like to hear Saban or any other straight laced coach comment on Leach's tweet.  
  
Dear Mods: please don't ban me for posting a tweet.  "
203,"My name is Mark Schleifstein, and I’m a Pulitzer Prize-winning environment reporter and a member of the Coastal Watch Team for [NOLA.com](http://www.nola.com) | The Times-Picayune. It’s the first day of hurricane season, so ask me anything about hurricanes, what it’s like reporting during a hurricane, Katrina, or the city of New Orleans’ levee system and storm prep.
 
**A little about me:** I’ve been covering New Orleans’ hurricanes and its levee system for 34 years, including the 2002 series, “[Washing Away](http://www.nola.com/environment/index.ssf/page/washing_away_2002.html),” which described the system’s inability to withstand major storms three years before Hurricane Katrina.
 
After Katrina, I outlined the reasons for the levee failures that destroyed tens of thousands of homes in metro New Orleans, including my own. Since then, I have been covering the reconstruction of the levee system and future plans to improve it. I also cover the state’s 50-year, $50 billion Master Plan for coastal restoration and hurricane protection. And I am the co-author of the 2006 book, “[Path of Destruction: The Devastation of New Orleans and the Coming Age of Superstorms](https://www.amazon.com/Path-Destruction-Devastation-Orleans-Superstorms/dp/031601642X).”
 
**Proof:** https://twitter.com/NOLAnews/status/1001579723154173953

**Edit:** Thanks for joining me for the past two hours discussing the upcoming hurricane season. Remember that you can see the latest hurricane news at http://www.nola.com/hurricane/. And feel free to contact me with other questions at mschleifstein@nola.com . "
204,"* Micron management discussed the current bull cycle in memory, based on
 * AI
 * Enterprise solutions
 * Tight chip supply (production bottlenecks)
 * Micron specific attributes: DRAM shrink at 10-18nm nodes without EUV, 3D NAND leadership with QLC 64/96 layers, differentiation and full-line up with X-Point, NOR flash
* $10B buyback fueled through at least 50% FCF, starting in September
* Raised guidance for 3Q 2018 of $7.7-7.8B and $3.12-3.16 EPS; due to higher ASP (higher DRAM prices, low corrections in NAND prices)

* Price/cost improvements based on
 * commercialization of QLC (4 bits per cell) 3D NAND ahead of competitors (as of 2Q18)
 * 1ynm DRAM die shrink (production starting 2H)
 * hyperscale enterprise memory modules (TB level of SSD and server/graphic DRAM already actively shipped), etc. 
 * disciplined capex (low 30% of sales) and wafer capacity expansion); new clean room space will be used for
new tech migration (96-layer 3D, 1Ynm node, etc)  
 * Multi-patterning based DRAM die shrink even for 10nm nodes or above (1znm, 1α, 1β). 
 * Micron's limited chip supply (DRAM bit growth 20% pa or less: NAND 40% range) and new targets for shareholder returns suggests upside catalysts for other memory chip makers (lower competition)

 Per Boa Merrill Lynch

* $85 price target
&gt;  *  We believe 4Q FY18 (August-end quarter) earnings should rise further vs 3Q on stable ASP (just marginal corrections). We assume a 9-11% decline in FY19-20 EPS after the FY18 peak, but management's presentations should imply a further increase. Thus the recently corrected spot price does not well represent Micron's non-spot business-related growth catalysts. We may revisit our earnings forecasts after the 3Q FY18 results call.

**DRAM/NAND operating margins vs peers**

https://i.imgur.com/cQSmU9E.png

**Overall operating margin vs peers**

https://i.imgur.com/As2vdQ8.png

**How Micron correlates with DRAM spot prices**

https://i.imgur.com/M8LEKOL.png

**Further upside in FCF due to EBITDA expanding much higher than capex; cash holdings exceed debt for first time**

https://i.imgur.com/t0lgMp5.png

On the recent price drop:

&gt; Micron’s share price declined 8% on 31 May. Since **we do not see any new negative
developments**, the correction was likely due to another broker’s downgrade call on
valuation/growth concerns (as the media reported). However, we **maintain our Buy rating
and US$85 PO**. Our view is mainly based on a favorable competitive landscape – Korean
chipmakers’ limited DRAM supply growth (tight to meet demand). Meanwhile, Samsung’s
new 1ynm node contribution to DRAM production is still small, and will likely be so even
in 4Q18 (below 10%; mostly 1xnm). Hynix’s most advanced tech, 1xnm (not yet 1ynm),
won’t be mainstream in 2H (mostly, still year-ago old 20nm). As Samsung and Hynix
supply about 75% of global DRAM, their low bit growth or slow migration to next
generation node should offer ASP/margin upside (for Micron). We estimate DRAM will
account for 70%/85% of Micron’s FY18-20 sales/OP, respectively (rest mostly NAND).
Micron’s recently announced share buyback (US$10bn using 50% of FCF; similar to
Samsung) and well-deployed new tech also confirm its catalyst/competitiveness.
Further, our takeaways from Micron’s Analyst Day (21 May) suggest upbeat margin (50%
OPM, currently). The stock trades at 6x P/E and 1.6x P/B on FY18-20E."
205,"https://twitter.com/OpTicGaming/status/1002580658466639873

**The OpTic India CSGO Roster:**

[Antidote](https://twitter.com/realantidotecs) - AWP

[Formless](https://twitter.com/formless_t) - Lurker


[Haivaan](https://twitter.com/haiVaancs) - IGL (In-Game Leader)

[Marzil](https://twitter.com/officialmarzil) - Entry/Lurker

[Forsaken](https://twitter.com/forsakencs) - Support/Lurker

Thanks /u/dandan-97"
206,"Even controversial or hated tm stars like David, Matt, Mackenzie, Farrah, etc all have scenes with them looking normal and in a much better light. Yet with Stephan every single scene is him going ballistic at poor Kayla or her mom over nothing. You would think as this is a new show there would be an adjustment period with the cameras and he would be on better behaviour since he would be more aware, but what if *this is better behaviour?* I just thought it was odd I couldn’t recall a single scene where I didn’t despise this kid. "
207,"Talked with HTC online today about my sticking controller pad. Below is the transcript.

Me: Now that the ""void if removed"" have been deemed illegal, if I attempt the repair myself and it doesn't work, I can still send the product in for warranty?

Me: ""void if removed"" stickers that is

HTC: 3:49 PM Yes, that's correct. The warranty will be voided.

Me: The Federal Trade Commission put six companies on notice in early April for illegally telling customers that getting third\-party repairs voids the warranty on their electronics.

Me: You are saying HTC will illegally void my warranty?

HTC: 3:51 PM If you attempt to repair the controller and the sticker was removed then the warranty will be automatically void.

EDIT: I have only had my Vive 2 months and my controller already did this. The rep gave no indication I wouldn't go through this again in 2 months. With a possible 8 week return time, I would be without my product 50&amp;#37; of the time I've owned it so far. 2 months after that maybe I would have to go through it again.

EDIT 2: So my choices are to send it in so they won't void my warranty and possibly wait 8 weeks only to probably go through it again seeing as how common this issue is OR I can fix it myself in 10 minutes and void my warranty."
208,"Last I had a cat must've been years ago. Since having kids and the death of my last fur baby I never quite got behind the idea of having another. Well, here lately there's been a stray hanging around my house. I checked in with local shelters and animal control to see if she belonged to anyone or if anyone was missing her and so far nothing.


Finally after about a month of this cat steadily gaining a bit of a belly (otherwise pretty skinny cat) I took her to the vet.
No chip. Pretty malnourished and not healthy. And pregnant. So I went ahead and decided to keep her. I got extensive instructions to the vet who I'm scheduling weekly check ups with to make sure little momma gets good prenatal kitty care and the vet hooked me up with a local no-kill shelter who are going to help me adopt out the babies once they are born and weaned.


I named little momma 'Butters' and she'll stay with me even after the babies are adopted out. Our basement is finished so we installed a cat door and set up her stuff in there with a nice little ac unit for the summer and hubby is building her shelves to scale the walls and stuff when she's feeling better. I'm sewing her a big 'ol bed and making a wall quilt for her.


We were cuddling earlier and I realized her and I are both pregnant. I told her that no matter what she'll be well looked after. The older kids know to help feed her and look after her and hubs already loves her to pieces.


Anyways. Thought I would share! Hope everyone else is having a great night and an easy pregnancy."
209,"**\*\*BACKGROUND\*\***

**\*\*Introduction\*\***: This post is the final monthly update in an early\-retirement series. I will be posting twice yearly: once around June 6 \(retirement anniversary\) and once around January 1 \(end of year finances\). As these posts have become increasingly popular based on the number of views and comments, and as my desire to spend nearly an entire day on reddit has significantly waned, my responses might be limited. Please check comments and posts from previous posts to find answers to potential questions. I genuinely appreciate all of the positive comments, even though I no longer take the time to say so individually.

**\*\*Model\*\***: I wish to maintain a portfolio that began in June 2017 at $1,025,772. My max goal withdrawal rate is 3&amp;#37; of each year’s starting balance, provided that the portfolio remains above $1M. Should the portfolio drop below $1M, I will lock back into a maximum $2500 per month \($30k per year\) guardrail withdrawal until the market recovers. I realize that this is not the holy Trinity method, but consider these three factors that give us flexibility: a 3&amp;#37; withdrawal rate is below the 100&amp;#37; historically safe mark of 3.2&amp;#37; for fifty\-year portfolio survival, the extended bull market peaked us nearly 20&amp;#37; above the original target amount \(meaning that $30k annually is actually 2.5&amp;#37; instead of 3&amp;#37; if restarting from the peak\); and our actual withdrawal rate was averaging less than 2&amp;#37; of the original portfolio balance \(due to earning additional income\) when we received an unexpected $30k windfall \(meaning that our current withdrawal rate is actually negative\). The budgeted withdrawal amount is $2773 per month for 2018. In 2017, it was $2564 \($2618 adjusted for inflation\).

**\*\*Career\*\***: I am a former retail pharmacist who hated his profession for the following reasons: unacceptable amounts of stress, lack of civility from the general public, capitalism gone amok, fundamental disagreement with the overuse of pharmacotherapy as an answer for underlying health issues, and a severe opiate crisis that few have yet to appreciate. I attended college for eight years to earn a bachelors \(1997\-2001\) and a doctorate \(2001\-2005\) before joining the workforce for nearly twelve years \(2005\-2017, entirely with CVS\). $150k in education costs were covered by academic scholarships \($25k\), employment during college \($20k\), prior savings from high school employment \($5k\), revenue from an eBay business while in college \($10k\), and massive help from my parents \($90k\). My salary plus compensation went from $115k in 2005 to $150k in 2017. My savings rate was about 70&amp;#37;.

**\*\*Finances\*\***: I retired at the age of 38 on June 6, 2017, the day before the twentieth anniversary of my high school graduation. I am married with no kids and generated over 95&amp;#37; of the family income while employed. We live in LCOL rural TN. Our asset allocation goal is approximately 60&amp;#37; VTSAX \(total US stock market\) / 20&amp;#37; VFWAX \(total INTL stock market\) / 20&amp;#37; VWLUX \(US municipal bonds\). We also hold roughly $400k in house, land, and belongings not included in the portfolio. My spending model places no dependence upon supplemental income \(future employment?\), social security \($10k/yr?\), inheritance \($500k?\), house equity \(no heirs?\), universal health care \(probable?\), or universal basic income \(possible?\). The final balance will be left to charities and worthy causes.

**\*\*FINAL MONTHLY UPDATE\*\***

**\*\*Spending\*\***: Living expenses for the month came to $1999. This is $774 under the 2018 monthly targeted amount of $2773. Our spending is 27.9&amp;#37; under budget for the month, 8.1&amp;#37; over for the year, and 14.9&amp;#37; over since retirement. We generated $1039 of income this month from my wife wanting to work and some of my old book royalties. Our investment withdrawal was $960 this month, thus our pro\-rated, annually\-adjusted withdrawal rate is 1.04&amp;#37; for the month, \-5.16&amp;#37; for the year, and \-0.76&amp;#37; since retirement. Without the additional income stream, our pro\-rated, annually\-adjusted withdrawal rate would have been 2.16&amp;#37; for the month, 3.24&amp;#37; for the year, and 3.45&amp;#37; since retirement.

**\*\*Investments\*\***: The portfolio went from $1,130,151 to $1,147,124 \(a 1.50&amp;#37; increase for the month\), which went down to a new total of \(drum\-roll\) $1,146,164 after cashing the checks and paying the bills. This is a 11.73&amp;#37; increase from the original starting balance of $1,025,772. Since retirement, capital income from the investment portfolio has produced the equivalent of a full\-time employee generating $53.14/hr of labor income. To sustain the original portfolio balance, $17.59/hr is the pace needed for COL based on spending rate; $\-4.75/hr is the pace needed for COL based on withdrawal rate. Dividends included, VTSAX \(61&amp;#37; AA\) went up 2.72&amp;#37; this month \(2.45&amp;#37; up for 2018\); VFWAX \(20&amp;#37; AA\) went down 1.18&amp;#37; \(1.39&amp;#37; down for 2018\); VWLUX \(19&amp;#37; AA\) went up 1.17&amp;#37; \(down 0.52&amp;#37; for 2018\).

**\*\*Reflections\*\***: This was our lowest spending month thus far. No significant purchases or expenses to speak of. The market recouped some of its losses from its February jitters. I had considered increasing my international exposure but am currently glad that I refrained.

**\*\*Experiences\*\***: I won the very non\-prestigious Strolling Jim Marathon on May 5 by twenty\-three minutes. I pre\-paid for this one as a backup before I won the state championship in April. I didn’t want to show up. I didn’t even plan on finishing the entire course to be honest, but I made a deal with myself to just treat it like a moderate effort training run. I was nowhere near 100&amp;#37;, but I broke the course record by ten minutes. I watched many more movies \(about forty, mostly silent\). I got lucky and bowled consecutive 170s on my first day back in eighteen months. I baked for the first time in my life \(gingerbread cookies\). I read a few books. I kayaked for the first time this year. I have averaged 63 minutes per day of physical activity over the past six weeks \(running/swimming/cycling/weighlifting\) with at least thirty minutes every single day. Running in the heat sucks.

**\*\*Upcoming\*\***: My time at the museum has run its course. I no longer find it stimulating. I plan to spend time volunteering as a running coach in some local clubs and as a pacer in some local races. I’d like to maintain my current lifestyle of more reading, kayaking, bowling, running, cycling, swimming, and watching classic films. I will try my best to do whatever the fuck I want.

**\*\*YEAR ONE\*\***

**\*\*Portfolio\*\***: Again, the portfolio went from $1,025,772 to $1,146,164 \(an 11.73&amp;#37; increase\) after expenses. Living expenses for the year came to $36,582. This is $4768 \(14.9&amp;#37;\) over the first year targeted amount of $31,814. We generated $46,452 of income from my wife wanting to work, my old book royalties, an unexpected tax refund, and an unexpected inheritance. Our investment withdrawal was \-$9870 this year \(a $9870 deposit\), thus our withdrawal rate was –0.76&amp;#37;. Without the additional income stream, our withdrawal rate would have been 3.45&amp;#37;. Without the tax refund, inheritance, small splurge as a direct result of the inheritance, and the delayed construction of the cabin \(a measure that I consider the best indicator going forward\), our withdrawal rate would have been 2.1&amp;#37; \(3.5&amp;#37; with no supplemental income under this same scenario. In short, I have finally arrived at the conclusion that our COL creates an effective withdrawal rate of 2&amp;#37;, but it would be 3.5&amp;#37; without additional income.

**\*\*Accomplishments\*\***: I consider these the highlights of my first year away from work: broke three hours in a marathon, broke three hours in a marathon for a second time \(including a course record and state championship victory\), won a second marathon by setting another course record, set a personal record in the half marathon, set a personal record in the 1500m swim, built a cabin, saw a total solar eclipse, took a two week driving vacation, read the three longest books of my life, got around to watching every movie we own, got around to playing every video game we own, got around to listening to every album we own, wrote in my daily journal every single day without exception, tackled all of my CE requirements, became a volunteer tour guide and paleontologist assistant at the natural history museum, created an astronomy timeline exhibit for the museum, made plans to become a volunteer running coach, watched Game of Thrones, re\-watched Parks and Recreation, painted for the first time, played a round of golf for the first time, grilled out for the first time, held a drunken scumbag at gunpoint for the first time, kayaked for the first time, went metal detecting for the first time, mastered the Rubik’s cube, mapped our property in detail, planted trees, fixed the driveway, made a creek in our woods, picked up a lot of litter, finished Final Fantasy XV, made monthly reddit posts on FI, and completed a 100\-point gratuity list.

**\*\*Greater Amount\*\***: What have I done more of since leaving work? Running \(about 1500 miles\), swimming \(now twice weekly\), weightlifting \(now twice weekly\), volunteering \(almost weekly\), hiking \(several treks\),  watching movies, solving puzzles, visiting my parents, spending time with my wife, housework, yardwork, cooking, video gaming, reading, studying astronomy, studying paleontology, napping, and doing whatever the fuck I want.

**\*\*Same Amount\*\***: What have I done about the same amount of since leaving work? Cycling \(kept focus on running\), bowling \(to favor a running injury\), visiting friends \(who are no less busy\), listening to SACDs \(distracted by internet\), and watching television \(trying to avoid too much\).

**\*\*Little Progress\*\***: What have I failed to do much of since leaving work? Learning to play an instrument \(lack of talent\), target shooting \(lack of interest\), improving my Spanish and Japanese \(got lazy\), being able to bench press my body weight \(tough hill to climb\), helping fight the opiate epidemic \(burned out\), going to yard sales \(lost interest\), reducing internet time \(too much political interest\), writing a sci\-fi novel \(still in planning stages\), deconverting religious adherents \(taking a break\), stargazing \(often monotonous\), cleaning up our woods \(needs it\), studying cartography \(due to astronomy/paleontology\), painting \(only twice\), kayaking \(only twice\), metal detecting \(only twice\), and camping \(only once\).

**\*\*The Future\*\***: This is the final monthly update. See you around Jan 1. You will be okay without me."
210,We always hear stories about people who successfully teached themselves programming. Those are great but I think there are lessons to be learned from the people who wanted to start a career and teach themselves but stopped doing it for some reason.
211,"https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-06-01/trump-said-to-grant-lifeline-to-money-losing-coal-power-plants-jhv94ghl

&gt; The Energy Department would exercise emergency authority under a pair of federal laws to direct the operators to purchase electricity or electric generation capacity from at-risk facilities, according to a memo obtained by Bloomberg News. The agency also is making plans to establish a ""Strategic Electric Generation Reserve"" with the aim of promoting the national defense and maximizing domestic energy supplies.

&gt; ""Too many of these fuel-secure plants have retired prematurely and many more have recently announced retirement,"" only to be replaced by less-secure, less-resilient natural gas and renewable power sources, the memo said.

&gt; Trump administration officials have contemplated action for more than a year. After the Energy Department conducted a reliability study last year, Energy Secretary Rick Perry proposed a rule that would have compensated coal and nuclear plants for their ability to store months’ worth of fuel on site. Federal regulators shot down the idea in January.

&gt; That didn’t quell requests for help. A FirstEnergy Corp. subsidiary requested immediate intervention from Perry’s agency in late March. That plea followed the Akron, Ohio-based company’s announcement to shut three nuclear power plants that feed the grid operated by PJM Interconnection LLC, the largest in the country. FirstEnergy Solutions filed for bankruptcy within days of its emergency request.

&gt; Invoking national security concerns could bolster the Trump administration’s case in any legal challenges over the intervention, said Ari Peskoe, director of the Electricity Law Initiative at Harvard University.

&gt; ""It’s going to be tough to get a court to question DOE’s factual finding -- particularly if it relates to national defense,"" Peskoe said in an interview. Tapping two statutes simultaneously also could give the administration more ""legal room,"" Peskoe said.

&gt; The government last invoked the Defense Production Act to address the California energy crisis in early 2001, ordering natural gas sellers to prioritize contracts to sell supplies to utility Pacific Gas and Electric Co.

Disclaimer: I own $PEGI and $NEP shares.

NEE's electricity generation portfolio consists of roughly half from natural gas, about a quarter from nuclear, about a quarter from wind, and single digit percentages from solar, coal and others. Back in 2017, coal was about 2% of their portfolio, but they recently shut down a major coal fired plant and replaced it with more natural gas and solar. I'd also expect their solar portfolio to rapidly grow as they had convinced a Chinese solar panel manufacturer to setup a plant in Florida by promising to buy GWs of solar panels.

I don't remember exactly what NEP's electricity generation portfolio consists of, but it's likely somewhat similar to NEE.

PEGI is self explanatory.

First Energy's portfolio consists of about 50% from coal and 25% from nuclear."
212,"##Hi!

First of all, thank all of you for participating in the 2018 r/Barca survey!

Here are the results:

https://imgur.com/a/AB7HVxb

Also you can check the results in here:

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1BiMHHxqku14Qub15mBIBw0IYM7uCVV4h5i8kCzxoLPU/viewanalytics


A few points:

- We've taken all your feedback to **improve** next years survey. It will be posted 1 day after our last game of the season and fix all the issues with this one.

- The images from the imgur link above are screenshots of the Google generated graphs. If you want to see more in **detail, please check the Google Docs link**.

- Thanks again to all of you for participating! Here's to a successful 2018-2019 season and a great World Cup!

----------------------------------

##Infographic

Also, I've made a little infographic, you can see it here: 

https://i.imgur.com/N4lJUPs.jpg

PS: See if you can find the 3 players hidden in there :P"
213,"Okay so Jon left the nights watch after he died because in his mind he kept his oath. 


But hardly anyone else knows that he died, and it was probably common knowledge that he was Lord Commander so why wasn't he executed for desertion upon leaving?"
214,"Co\-ords are everywhere in my city right now. The look \(a matching top and bottom\) has been around for a long time, but when I tried some on I felt like I was wearing PJs! So many pros tho:

* Buy a set and you automatically have 3 different looks \(pieces worn together or separately\)
* So much variety\- you can buy co\-ords with skirts or pants, halter crop tops or blouses or blazers etc.
* You have different sizing options for your upper and lower halves!
* Don't have to think about which top goes with the bottoms and vice versa!? haha

As for cons... well, they sometimes [look like PJs](https://i.pinimg.com/564x/68/80/0d/68800de2c16102bddb0fd179e5dca4fc.jpg), but is that actually a con? What do you think?!

Anyways, I scoured the internet for \(mostly 2018\) co\-ord looks to see how to pull of the PJ look with style. And here is [the album: Matchy\-Matchy](https://imgur.com/a/9zkKK5H). \(Edit to add: the photos are loosely categorised: stripes \-\-\&gt; minimalist/solids \-\-\&gt; patterned\)

\*Apparently this was [added](https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/matchy-matchy) as an adjective to the Oxford English Dictionary in 2010!"
215,"I read a post in the latterdaysaints sub where this kid who already struggles with psychological challenges is getting ready to depart on a mission.

The person gets a letter from their brother saying ""You won't be welcome at home until you complete your mission.""

I was simply astounded reading this.

How can any culture think that social conditioning of this sort is justifiable?

I've seen Taliban Jihadists that were more forgiving and accommodating!!

My heart goes out to that person, and I hope he or she discovers joy somewhere."
216,We always hear stories about people who successfully teached themselves programming. Those are great but I think there are lessons to be learned from the people who wanted to start a career and teach themselves but stopped doing it for some reason.
217,"My wife told me earlier that her parents are attending their Regional/District convention soon. 

My in laws booked their hotel from the “approved hotels list” pushed out by the b0rg. 

Because of the distance between where the convention is and where my in laws live, they booked 4nights (Thursday night - Sunday night), making it a grand total of $555 or just under $140 a night for the hotel alone!

Can you imagine dropping this kinda cash and it’s **NOT** even a vacation?!?!

Of course my in laws could have driven home Sunday after the convention to save money...but it still would be $415 ***just*** for the hotel stay. This doesn’t include gas, food, and of course new clothes and accessories to strut around in at the convention. 

I estimate my in laws will be dropping $~1000 to sit on their ass for 3 days. 

**#BestLifeEver!** 🤦‍♂️"
218,"**The Rumors:** Michigan is currently being accused heavily to have created a bunch of fake bots to send fake orders to chaos and other red teams. The 'evidence' behind this all is screenshots of our discord where our general users reported receiving the fake chaos orders which generated discussion of us doing the same with respect to fake orders. Our mods jumped into the discussion and the idea was briefly entertained. Let me reiterate that this was AFTER the original fake orders were sent. Here is the breakdown of what happened in our discord to be as transparent as possible.


[2:54 PM Eastern](https://imgur.com/zLlSKrB): Our user informs us of the fake chaos orders he received

[3:19 PM Eastern](https://imgur.com/TwYiKsY): Our general users bring up the idea of fake orders after the above generated discussion

[3:21 PM Eastern](https://imgur.com/DO5soB0): One of our mods responds to the idea of fake orders stating that if we were to do fake orders we'd ""have to find another way"" because the original chaos bot was already banned. This indicates that the site wide blacklist of the game had already occurred. 

[3:22 PM Eastern](https://imgur.com/vBDkP18): More of our general members suggesting a different idea to send fake orders to enemies that attempt to visit our order website. One of our mods responded to this idea stating that we have entertained the idea of giving enemies fake orders to OUR strategies. Once again this all just shows that these conversations were all hypothetical and our users were just spit-balling ideas. At no point in time was there a statement of ""Let's make fake orders"" and a mod said ""Yeah! That's a great idea. Let's do that ASAP""

[3:26 PM Eastern](https://imgur.com/yb7gntV): Me discussing with the Blue Alliance about how shitty I thought the fake chaos orders were.

The last bit of evidence that we are lacking is the timestamp of when all of the fake orders were sent to red teams. If they were sent before any of the above discussion in our discord then we believe that would be rather compelling evidence to completely clear our name. Unfortunately, we don't have that information, but if anyone else does please feel free to share. Also if the mods of /r/cfbrisk could share the time that the blacklist occurred it would help to clarify the situation.


**What we do know**

We don't want to point fingers here and play the blame game. I'm just going to share some information that we are aware of that may help shed light on this fake orders situation.

/u/jimjip is an alt account that that created a chaos subreddit (/r/cfbrisk_chaos) four days ago to mass PM users chaos orders. If you remember back to four days ago, that was when Chaos was completely trapped in Florida and on the brink of potential elimination. Michigan would clearly have no motive to increase Chaos participation and hurt our largest ally. 

We were aware of /u/jimjip a few days ago and the first few comments on the account were on /r/cfb and were very obviously made to seem like a Michigan fan. Those comments are now conveniently deleted. We don't know if the owner of the account made those comments to frame Michigan or if it was originally intended to be a mole account.

Here is a screenshot of the [orders](https://imgur.com/s7bgHzS) /u/jimjip sent in case the comments get deleted. Note that these comments have the same exact format as /u/testrail who created daily posts sending out orders for Ohio State. His orders can be seen [here](https://imgur.com/kxRkWNY) just in case they get deleted. Obviously it wouldn't be hard to generate a bot to mimic orders of other teams. But I would urge you to think what motivation Michigan would have to create fake chaos orders four days ago to increase Chaos participation when our largest ally had Chaos on the ropes? From our perspective, that seems like something a red team would have motivation for, right?

**Summary:**

So on one hand there is evidence of our discord discussing the idea of fake orders after one of our users received a fake order himself and seemingly after the site wide blacklist occurred.

On the other hand there is definitive proof that an account was made 3 days ago to increase chaos participation when chaos was trapped in Florida and on the brink of elimination. Furthermore, those chaos orders were in the format of OSU's PM's by /u/testrail. Meanwhile, the [orders](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/444518362614202370/451827465938272270/image.png) from yesterday were in the format of Nebraska's PMs. 

Obviously Michigan could've manipulated the PM's to mimic OSU and Nebraska. The format of the orders isn't close to proof of anything. But, as I mentioned above, it doesn't make sense for Michigan to generate orders 4 days ago to increase chaos participation against Florida. Nor does it make sense to generate orders for chaos to attack ""Alabama Territory"" yesterday when those Alabama territories was Texas' best bet of escaping the reds and making it back to the Blue's front lines. 

**Disclaimer**:

I did not make this post to point fingers or start a shitting match of who did what. I'm not blaming the mods of Nebraska or OSU for generating these orders. I wanted to state the facts of what happened from the Michigan perspective to be as transparent as possible in an attempt to clear up our name."
219,"I see a lot of threads asking about this, and myself had a lot of doubt in thus subject. Found an article explaining what is ketosis and this can be of great value.

http://www.tuitnutrition.com/2017/09/measuring-ketones.html?m=1

About fat burning. IF raises GH secretion (saw graph in EAT STOP EAT book but cant find online) after few hours, and GH induces FFA oxidation.

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19240267

May this texts be of great value for all of you, friends.
"
220,The boys slackin haha rite?
221,^ Half of the questions asked on this subreddit.
222,"So in civil war, the government tries to say that the avengers are too destructive and tries to control them right? Well I’m watching the avengers yesterday with my little sister because she had never seen it before and as I was watching the scene where iron man gets the nuke through the portal, I realized that the government is actually way more destructive than the avengers. They tried to nuke the entire city which could’ve lost more lives than sokovia or the explosion at the beginning of civil war "
223,"https://www.bloodyelbow.com/2018/5/31/17415784/ufc-225-colby-covington-darren-till-stephen-thompson-ufc-liverpool-welterweight-mma-news MORE RELEVANT QUOTES: 

Till] eked him out on the scorecards, because it was a fix, but no one wants to see that kind of fight, man. They had more significant hand touches and more significant hugs than they had significant strikes.”

“I don’t really pay attention to rankings, because after I finish Dos Nachos I’m gonna move right back ahead of [Till]. But he landed the most significant hugs and the most significant love taps,” Covington said. “Does anybody want to see that?”

“I mean, 40 significant strikes landed in the fight, I mean it was a game of paddy cake out there. When me and Rafael fight, it’s gonna be a completely different thing and I’m gonna make the UFC [welterweight] division great again.”

____

This is how I propose podcast audio transcripts be posted from now on. Just post all the relevant quotes since all these sites just copy each other anyways 
"
224,"Just went to the recently added section of Game Pass and see a few game that weren't in the announcement of new monthly games. 

Star Wars: Kotor 

Star Wars: Force Unleashed 1 &amp; 2

Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga

Battleblock Theatre

Alien Hominid 

Hydro Thunder Hurricane"
225,"I'm in New Haven, CT. I'm wanting to get some people together to watch RLCS. Have some snacks and drinks and a big screen.  Let me know if you are interested! This would be like a Superbowl party but with memes and dreams."
226,"Location: CA

Drunk lady totaled my car, filed a case against her and won. She needs to pay me $7k now, can't get any payments from her. A lien was filed against her 12 months ago, I didn't get a single payment from her till today.

From my understanding, she is not making any income that she is reporting to the IRS. But she does have a source of income.

Is there anything I can do?

Edit: added location and explained that she does make income, she just doesn't report it to the IRS.
Edit 2: Clarifying that neither of us had insurance at that time."
227,"Dont get me wrong, almost every paper cardgame is rather expensive, but i feel like a lot of people are comparing the economy of MTGA with the economy of paper Magic or MTGO instead of its actual competition.

It's not a valid comparison. It's a digital cardgame and needs to compete with other digital cardgames. You are paying for a digital product which doesn't hold any value whatsoever, which is not the case for paper Magic or MTGO.

**Just because MTGA is cheaper than paper Magic or MTGO doesn't make its economy fair in any shape or form.** 

It seems like a lot of guys playing Magic in their past are more prone to spending money on the game, simply because they are used to spending a lot of money on Magic and therefore supporting the current economy. 

______________________________________________________________________________

**The goal is to attract new players** and actually growing the community instead of just dividing the current fanbase.

In its current state MTGA wont be able to compete and attract a lot of new players. ""Being the better game"" is a really stupid and myopic argument (and i can't believe they officialy said that).

It's highly subjective what defines a better game. I could argue that a lot of people would prefer hearthstone due to it's simplicity, short games, visuals and the warcraft universe itself.

**To be able to compete they need to be quite a bit more generous than established competition**, otherwise i can't see this game being successul besides milking their current fanbase even more.
Being more generous will attract more people which equals more profit long term, but it seems like they don't quite understand this.

______________________________________________________________________________

Who even knows how long this game will be supported, their past record isn't really promising and i'm kinda put off on spending money on a game that might lose its support in 3 years. 

This is quite concerning for me as a new potential player, since a lot of their **decisions seem be focused on cashing in the most amount of money short term**, rather than focusing on building up a great future with consistent and growing long term profit.

"
228,"I tried weed when I was 15. Decided it wasn’t my thing and moved on. I’m 21 now and I have had *so many people* try to pressure me so smoke weed again. If it was a type of food or a brand of clothing you wouldn’t push so hard for me to try it again so why are you bothering me? I had to dump a boyfriend because every time he smoke he would offer me some despite me making it very clear that it wasn’t something I did or pester me with inquiries as to why I don’t smoke. Because *I don’t like it*! I think it smells bad and you get a coughing fit which I hate. You can smoke all you want I don’t care just leave me alone! 

The same can be said for people who don’t drink. If they don’t drink, then they don’t drink! Just respect their wishes, it’s not a hard concept to understand. Jfc"
229,"[Erase after 10 attempts](https://daringfireball.net/2018/05/10_strikes_and_youre_out)

For many years now, iOS has offered an option in the Passcode section of the Settings all: “Erase all data on this iPhone after 10 failed passcode attempts.”
...
but it turns out this feature is far more clever than I realized, and it’s highly unlikely that your kids or jackass drinking buddies could ever trigger it. After the 5th failed attempt, iOS requires a 1-minute timeout before you can try again. During this timeout the only thing you can do is place an emergency call to 911. After the 6th attempt, you get a 5-minute timeout. After the 7th, 15 minutes. These timeouts escalate such that it would take over 3 hours to enter 10 incorrect passcodes.

That mean who ever tried 10 times but be intentional or he/she already stole my phone."
230,"Hey! 

So at the start of this year, I began my keto and intermittent fasting journey to help me become fitter, faster and most importantly, overcome unhealthy attitudes towards nutrition and food. 

I started at 220 lbs as seen in the first pictures \(no body shots, was very self\-conscious\) and after a full 5 months of strict keto diet with the once a day IF, I have managed to bring my weight down to 170lbs, the lightest I've been in a long time. 

My journey doesn't end here, and because of how great I feel and how much focus I have, I have no intentions of going back on to carb based diet, even after I hit my goal weight. 

Anyhow, everyone progress pictures were inspiring, so I'm going to post my own. Face gains much?

Before \&gt;\&gt; [https://imgur.com/a/3GWwQxG](https://imgur.com/a/3GWwQxG)

Today \&gt;\&gt; [https://imgur.com/a/OitAPur](https://imgur.com/a/OitAPur)

Wil likely do another post when I'm comfortable to do a full body shot. So proud of everyone who's been able to do it. Truely inspirational"
231,"A few weeks ago a female member in my college class kept glancing at my shoes and giggling to her femoid friends about them. They are a few years old, a bit scrappy and only cost me like 10 bucks, but I like them.

Today I finally built up the courage to go into the shopping center and find a new pair. As I am walking along this 6 foot mixed chad lite employee came up and asked if I needed any help. I started to panic and accepted his offer and sat myself down and just said yes to the first pair he offered me.

He asked me what size I was and I said I had no idea (WTF) and so he started measuring my feet. I have really, really small feet and the second he removed my shoe he just looked at them puzzled and said ""wow these are pretty small... i'll chcek if there are any in that fit this in the back.."" 

People started to look and discuss among them and I went bright red which just made people start to snigger at me. It was so fucking embarrassing. As the chadlite was coming back with a box this 6'3 square jaw'd prince walked up to him and asked him to help him out.

The black guy literally put my shit down to go help this fucking lion of a man. He sits next to me (completely posture mogging me) and removes his shoes to try on a size he already knew would fit. I've never seen such perfect large feet in my life, perfectly complimenting his looks and size. 

In that moment, sat there next to this man who seemed another species with my tiny baby feet next to his I realized it was just fucking over for me. I said I had to go and walked out briskly and only realized a minute later I left my shoes there. 

I'm writing this from home with dirty feet and too ashamed to ever go to that place again, I don't know what the fuck I am going to do I have class tomorrow morning and no fucking shoes.

I GOT FUCKING FEET MOGGED I'M SO FUCKING DONE WITH THESE GENES"
232,"[247 profile](https://247sports.com/Player/Marvin-Grant-93541)

I don't know what the hell is happening. This is our third four-star guy out of five total commits."
233,"I know Barry and iris were always end game but hear me out. Barry's short-lived relationship with patty was probably the happiest we've seen his character despite everything going on with zoom. Patty brought out a more light hearted and fun Barry and they had more chemistry on that one ""blind"" date than him and iris have this entire show... Barry and Patty shared the same interests and the same burdens (having both lost a parent/parents) and I feel like the relationship between iris and Barry is more ""let's bond over crises rather than mutual interests"" and ""we seem to be together across time and space so let's just be together here and now"" 

Patty Spivot was perfect for Barry "
234,"Bom dia, gostaria de cancelar meu pacote!""

""Certeza? Tudo bem, cancelado.""

Foram muitas vezes essa belezura.

Três vezes no primeiro mês, e o atendente garantiu que estava cancelado.

Próximo mês, mais cinco ligações. A cobrança continuou, e todas as vezes dava algum problema - no dia seguinte falando que estava devendo, que não foi cancelado, etc.

Nesse último mês, a falta de honestidade se superou. Minha mãe - a quem o nome está ligada ao pacote - quase duas horas no telefone em cada ligação, clamava para ter certeza que foi cancelado. Foram três vezes garantindo que foi, e não tinha sido.

Falamos com a ""gerência"", que garantiu que seria cancelado e a cobranças dos meses passados terminariam.

No dia seguinte? Mensagem gravada falando que estavamos devendo quatro meses. Ligamos novamente e adivinha? Não tinha sido cancelado! A última chance foi dada, e a mulher ainda pefiu quatro números de telefone para ""contato"" (minha mãe, na extrema inocência, deu).

No dia seguinte, cada um dos quatro telefones receberam ligações privadas terroristas, falando que o nome da minha mãe estava no Serasa e que deveriamos depositar imediatamente na conta X (que pertencia à um nome totalmente genérico e aleatório). Provavelmente golpe dentro da empresa.

Ligamos lá, pacote ainda não cancelado! Totalizando 11 pedidos de cancelamento com os números. Ameaçamos entrar no Procom. A resposta? ""Não vai adiantar nada, não consta mais no sistema suas reclamações"".

Ligamos na Anatel, cinco dias depois tudo foi resolvido.

Me fala, como uma empresa dessas ainda está viva?"
235,"&gt; Voldemort stood up.  
&gt;  
&gt;He looked less like Tom Riddle than ever, his features thick with rage.  
&gt;  
&gt;‘This is your final word?  
&gt;  
&gt;‘It is,' said Dumbledore, also standing.  
&gt;  
&gt;‘Then we have nothing more to say to each other.  
&gt;  
&gt;‘No, nothing,' said Dumbledore, and a great sadness filled his face.  
&gt;  
&gt;‘The time is long gone when I could frighten you with a burning wardrobe and force you to make repayment for your crimes. But I wish I could, Tom ... I wish I could ...' 

Like i said, this is the moment where Dumbledore really realized that Tom Riddle could not be saved. And by his words, he blame himself.

Dumbledore couldn't find any way to connect with a young wizard with whom Albus clearly had much in common.  He’s saying that he wishes he could go back to that moment and be able to change things. Maybe he could be successful in providing the discipline and care that the young Tom needed. Likely he wishes that he could have been the “Hagrid” to Tom and that maybe Tom could have grown up into a better person.   Still, I don’t think his efforts would be successful. "
236,"Alkuperäset langat: 
https://www.reddit.com/r/Suomi/comments/7ggz8s/nimelleni_tilattiin_suuri_m%C3%A4%C3%A4r%C3%A4_huumeita_mit%C3%A4/     
https://old.reddit.com/r/Suomi/comments/89zi5k/p%C3%A4ivitys_nimelleni_tilattiin_suuri_m%C3%A4%C3%A4r%C3%A4_huumeita/     

Tuli tietoa vihdoinkin mitä tulee tapahtumaan. Päivä ennen syntymäpäivääni joudun oikeuteen, eli pari kuukauden päästä. Ne haluavat vähintään 1v 2kk vankeutta mulle ja sakkoja. 

Kaiken lisäksi ne määräsivät mut johonkin ""RISE Nuorten ehdollisen vankeuden valvonta"" juttuun. Eli kiva et oon jo rikollinen jokaisen helvetin ihmisen silmissä, vaikka omistan niin pahan ahdistuksen/masennuksen että hädin tuskin pääsen ylös sängystä tai terapeuteille. Oon ihmisten silmissä pahempi kun raiskaaja, vaikka en ole tehnyt mitään. 

En mä tiedä. Halusin vaan antaa jonkinlainen päivitys kun viime kerralla ihmiset mietitytti nmitä tapahtui ja jotkut olivat kyselleet perässä. "
237,"Hello r/cooking, have not been on reddit in quite awhile due to newly becoming a culinarian and working my face off. I am recently increasingly fascinated with vinegar and how it is so broadly used in so many different ways. 
I would love some feedback on where/who/what I can find tips/tricks/insight on vinegar and how to use it, thank you for any useful info! Happy cooking!"
238,"Suppose your girlfriend just revealed to you that one of her friends (whom she still hangs out with) is actually half of a couple that she had a three month ongoing threesome relationship with before you all got together. And she wants to still hang out with them and even go on double dates with them (all together).

The past is the past and all, but that really seems to be bringing their past into the present. How would you deal with this situation if it happened to you?"
239,Check out @ManUtd’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/ManUtd/status/1002582362922856448?s=09
240,"The more days that pass, the more my mind realizes it doesn’t matter if it’s a survival game or anything like that; it’s Bethesda Game Studios. It’s going to be awesome. I’m super hyped. Stay optimistic guys."
241,The boys slackin haha rite?
242,"It's a lease, so kinda miffed I'm essentially paying for nothing while we wait.  Did I mention insurances usually only cover 30 days of car rentals?

[Edit] yea I've been in contact with both the body shop and Tesla's body shop support. The issue is definitely parts not being available. For example, there are no rivets available until 6/8. (of all things, rivets...) 

I also had a terrible ""Tesla body shop support"" person, but that's another issue (she can't help the supply issue but she could at least call me back when she says she will).

I mean I love the brand, the car, and the mission. I'm a fanboy....but this problem will not fly with the general public. I hope they improve on this before the fleet size really takes off. "
243,"*drum roll*

Tainan Dalpra of AOJ! 

Don't get me wrong, the guy is fun to watch since he shreds everyone without breaking a sweat, but I find it a bit funny that this dude is a blue belt while being an *instructor* at AOJ and handling brown belts in their sparring footage. I think his longest match at worlds was about 2 minutes with an average of about 60-90 seconds. That's about ~$700 in wasted registration fees for his opponents. Poor guys. 

 If you've got flo, check out the rampage. "
244,"When he notices an elephant approach and begin to climb the tree. He’s baffled and yells down ‘WHAT are you doing?!’ 

The elephant nonchalantly replies ‘I’m just coming up to eat oranges’. The squirrel snorts and shouts back ‘you IDIOT; this is an acorn tree!’ 

The elephant, now nearing the top and getting annoyed by the squirrel, snaps back ‘WELL I BROUGHT MY OWN FUCKING ORANGES!’ "
245,"I know why they took it out but still, it added some really cool variety to occasional matches.

Yes I know it was only on Erengel, but I can imagine it on Mirimar for like rain or something, or a sandstorm. I heard Sanhok will have weather though?"
246,"So as the title says, I have synesthesia. For example, one of my favorite songs is “Angela” by The Lumineers. This song is very yellow and dark purple and a deep, dark blue. Every note also has a color (for example,  C is red). Does anyone else do this? I feel very isolated "
247,"First time post here, hope this belongs. TL;DR at bottom

So I’ve lived with a horrible roommate who hates my guts for over a year now. Usually I just stay in my room to avoid her because there’s not a confrontational bone in my body, but she still finds nice little ways to make life miserable. We’ll call her N.

N has always enjoyed fun roommate activities like not doing dishes for months at a time (I was blamed for every dish so I switched to disposable plates, haven’t used actual cutlery in months so it’s all her), smoking weed in the house almost every day, never paying bills on time then getting mad at us for “pestering her” about them, and getting mad at pretty much anything else we do.

Now for a little backstory, N has 2 huge German Shepherds who are loud, aggressive, and stay in the backyard almost every night while she’s out partying. Our neighbors have a young kid who is woken up by the loud barking, so we’ve had the cops called on us 4 times already for noise complaints from. I also have a dog (border collie) but she stays in my room for most of the day bc I’m only ever gone for a few hours at a time. The last time the cops were called I was home and the officer let it go with a warning but said next time there will be a ticket.

Fast forward 2 months, N is dog sitting for a friend (we now have 5 big dogs in our tiny house) and these dogs are even more barky, which only riles up her 2 even more. She’s left them outside for the past 2 night when she goes to bed and they sit outside my window howling their asses off until 3 am until I finally let them in out of fear for a ticket. Finally I’ve had enough, so I let the dogs in again and politely ask they be kept inside overnight bc we’re going to get a ticket... and she LOSES IT.

She fires back a two paragraph text about how it’s somehow my fault, that my dog barks 24 hours a day anyway (not true), that I need to immediately let them back outside and she isn’t worried about cops.

Ha, ok.

Like any good roommate would, I release the hellhounds into the backyard and they immediately go apeshit, then I grab my purse and book it out if there to stay w a friend for the night. Came back the next day and - surprise! - the neighbors called the cops and N received a BEAUTIFUL $350 citation. 

She’s pissed, it feels so good.

I hope she moves out.

TL;DR- Roommate’s dogs get the cops called for noise, she gets more dogs. Tried to warn her about ticket potential, doesn’t listen, I let them bark it up and get her a citation."
248,"
**Chapter 906**  

Post all your theories and discussions for the current chapter in this thread. 

___
Join us at https://discord.gg/onepiece to discuss One Piece instantly with fellow nakama! 
"
249,"Privilege exists among the wealthy, people of lower income are largely suffering from the same issues. "
250,My players were breaking into a prisson when the wizard thought about teleporting in. but then he sayed out loud ''what if its warded against teleporting out?'' I had not thought about that so I implemented it just after he sayed it. 
251,"Unfortunately the problem I came seeking advice for yesterday has flared up today. For those that don't know what happened please look at my post history or the bottom of this post. My apologies for the trouble.

So the neighbors came over to my house angrily this morning and left a note. I had already gone to work by this time but my surveillance system notified me. The woman who came to the door (cat's guardian) was clearly rather profane and upset. After 10 minutes of waiting and muttering to herself she left a note which I had a friend drop by and pick up on his way to work. It read the following:

 ""We know you have been spraying out cat with water. If you do not stop we will make sure you are charged with multiple acts of animal cruelty. Why are you making such a big deal out of this situation? We have seen deer on your property and we don't see you making a big fuss then!!! You are needlessly being cruel to our cat by taking the actions you have. Our kids are very upset that you think you have the right to be cruel to our cat just because he is harmlessly wandering and doing his natural business on your property. Your land does not just belong to just you but the nature around you! You have no right to regulate what creature can or cannot come to  what you perceive is ""your property"". Do not think your cruelty will go unpunished??? You are a despicable person.""

I want to be very clear I have never tried to intentionally physically harm the cat. I installed sprinklers yesterday to deter the cat from going near my fountain and I'm guessing he caught on to this fact and the neighbors are not happy. I have zero knowledge for what constitutes animal cruelty or if I have done something wrong. Is there anyone here that can possibly give me some direction on what I may have done wrong. Are my neighbors just making this up to make me fearful for installing deterrents for their cat on my property? I would hate to get in trouble over what I perceive to be a rather tame and trivial issue. Thank you for your time.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Yesterday's Post:                                                                                             
I am not sure if this is appropriate to post here, if not my apologies. 

I live in CA and enjoy sitting outside after a long days work. My neighbors cat has been ruining this for me by pooping into my water fountain to such a point that I have to clean my water pump and water every couple days after the cat destroyed my last  two pumps. Besides that I cannot stand the terrible odor lingering outside from the cat doing his business. I have talked to my neighbor about it and she gives me some bs response that maybe I shouldn't have my water fountain where it is (on my property). Mind you this is a permanent water fountain structure made out of stone. I have tried a lot of things including concentrated citrus oil, coffee grounds, black pepper, and even predator piss (I am that desperate) to dissuade the cat from visiting my backyard, but nothing has worked. Also I should disclose that the cat is not fond of me and has attacked me unprovoked 5+ (also documented) , so needless to say the cat does not like me. I have surveillance and have archived all relevant footage. I am getting increasingly more frustrated, and I want this siege against me by the damn cat to stop. Is there anything I can do legally speaking? Any help or advice would be appreciated.

Update1 (05/31/2018): I have really appreciated all the advice that people have been suggesting and have plans on implementing a motion detector sprinkler based solution. Though I would like to think that this will fully resolve the issue, in the case it does not, could I have a hired attorney do something about my situation or would it be a waste of time (reimbursement for medical costs for cat attacks and pump repair and replacement costs)? Please note I have tried to deliver these official bills through certified mail twice to no avail.

Update2 (05/31/2018): I have since had motion detector sprinklers installed in my backyard precisely placed in line with my fountain (as suggested by a reddit user down below) . Should this not work I will resort to other methods suggested. I am very appreciative of all the people that took time out of their day to give me advice. I will keep this post updated just in case anyone is interested in followup.                   
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++"
252,"Just like Muslims that want to kill Jews aren't (real) Muslims, and Feminists that want to kill all men aren't (real) Feminists.

I vote for a sticky for this important announcement."
253,"Do you feel a certain way when your playing with a good duo or squad? Like from the beginning of the game you guys instantly connected you just like have a good time with them and all, and then when it gets to the end of the game and you either live or die and you get like a sentimental feeling?"
254,https://twitter.com/Jake_Trotter/status/1002589991661375490
255,"Feel like one of the biggest misconceptions people have about keto is that its all about meat and fat, i certainly did.

I consume no sugar (except about 1 gram from diluted lemon juice in the morning) and no refined carbs, i expected to have to cut out vegetables too but it turns out im eating more than ever.

Your plate should be 3/4 vegetables, now consuming about a kilogram of veg a day while keeping carbs below 25g (often 20g) a day. Feeling better than ever."
256,Prepare yourselves to spread the gospel next year.
257,"I'm loving all the new people finding the show after the Save The Expanse movement, but there's still plenty of people who don't know about this gem. Lets give some love on IMDB to boost the popularity rating to get more people interested. \(currently sitting at #23 up 12 spots from last week\)

[https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3230854/?ref\_=ttep\_ep\_tt](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3230854/?ref_=ttep_ep_tt)"
258,"I am writting this as something for you guys that watch youtube and feedback videos to create an opinion and then you adapt it and support it everywhere just because X said that. 

I have a relative big discord with different type of people and nationalities, all with the same purpose of playing games together and having fun. On release date, me and 2 other friends bought Bless and played together. Yes, it was bad optimized, yes, it had long queues, yes, it had a lot of bugs and bad translations, but despite all of the flaws with the game, WE DID HAVE OUR FUN TOGETHER. Next day, one of the guys messages me as soon as X youtuber uploads a video and tells me exact this words: ""OMG DUDE! Have you seen X video about Bless, I mean, if X says it sucks, tbh, it does, so I am going to refund this sh!t game."". The other guy refunded because he watched the video too, and there I was left alone with my ""fun"". 

Why do you have to do something just because everyone else is doing it and most important what do you guys have against some people having fun on something YOU hate. Try and take others opinions with a grain of salt. 

Where I live, 40 euros is dinner for 2 in a decent restaurant \- let that sink in. "
259,"###2nd Test, Pakistan tour of Ireland, England and Scotland at Leeds, Jun 1-5 2018

[Cricinfo](http://www.espncricinfo.com/series/18024/game/1119536/England-vs-Pakistan-2nd-Test/) | [Live Streams](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/wiki/livestreams) | [Reddit-Stream](https://www.reddit-stream.com/r/Cricket/comments/8nqgr5/match_thread_england_vs_pakistan_at_headingley/)

Innings|Score
:--|:--
Pakistan|174
England|106/2 (37 ov)


Batsman | Runs | Balls | SR
:--|:--|:--|:--
Dominic Bess|0|9| 0.0
Joe Root|29|50|58.0


Bowler | Overs | Runs | Wickets 
:--|:--|:--|:--
Hasan Ali|8.0|24|1
Shadab Khan|3.0|5|0

England trail by 68 runs with 8 wickets remaining in the innings

[^Send ^feedback](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=poochi&amp;subject=New bot feedback)"
260,"This post started off by seeking to answer the following question:

&gt; *""Why is the Harry Potter fandom starting to turn against JK Rowling?""*

This is a question that has been especially asked as-of late in the online fan community, and I wanted to give my personal view and input, as a longtime Harry Potter fan myself.

Simply put, I think it is primarily because J.K. Rowling’s views, since first writing the series, have changed, especially after she has published the books.

Likewise, her attitude as to her “ownership”, and the future direction of, Harry Potter vastly differs from the views of many Harry Potter fans, especially those fans who express their opinions online.

Or, in a nutshell, I’ll title this answer **“J.K. Rowling vs. the Internet”**.

-------

**Introduction**

Times have vastly changed since J.K. Rowling first outlined, planned, and began writing the Harry Potter books in the 1990’s. 

While most of her readership were children born, and growing up, in the 1990’s and 2000’s, and with the Internet as an increasingly important staple of the modern Western household and culture, J.K. Rowling did not.

Instead, Rowling herself grew up as a member of Generation X (b. 1965), and as of the writing of this article, is 52 years old. Thus, she, and her views, fit more in-line with most Harry Potter fans’ parents, as opposed to the fans themselves.

Due to this, there also appears to be an ever-widening generational gap between Rowling herself, and the majority of younger Harry Potter fans, the latter of whom are largely a part of the Milennial Generation. Rowling, up until recently, has proven to be more conservative than many of her fans on certain views, particularly on copyright issues, expressing her “ownership” over Harry Potter, and “fan works”.

The most notable examples of this are, in chronological order...

------

**1995–1997 - The Internet begins to build global roots. The first Harry Potter book, ""Harry Potter and the Philospher’s Stone"", is released.**

While J.K. Rowling was penning Harry Potter, the Internet was still in its infancy. At first, due to this, Rowling, unable to afford a computer - much less Internet - wrote and did her outlines for the books on “napkins” and pieces of printer paper at a local establishment in her area, the Elephant House.

In 1995, only 0.4% of the world population, or 16 million users, had access to the the Internet; by the release of the first Harry Potter book in 1997, that number had risen to 1.7%, or 70 million users.

As not many people had the Internet, Harry Potter first gained fame through “word of mouth” among reading and educational circles by publishers Bloomsbury (UK) and Scholastic (US), and was first promoted, and would later be come to seen for years to come, as a “children’s book”.

-----

**1997 - 2004 - The Internet spreads rapidly on a global scale, ballooning from being used by 1.7% of the global population (70 million users) , to 12.7 % (~1 billion users).** By 2002, the first social media website, Friendster, also appears online, garnering 3 million users by 2003.

In 2003, both MySpace and LinkedIn launch online, beginning the rise of social media on the Internet. Online chat rooms are also popular.

Included in the spread of “Internet culture”, and during the adolescence of social media, is the founding of several Harry Potter online communities for fans, including websites like SugarQuill, MuggleNet, the Leaky Cauldron, the Harry Potter Lexicon, Fanfiction.net, and others.

Meanwhile, Harry Potter becomes increasingly popular in mainstream culture as more books and films are released, transforming from a mere “children’s book series” into a “pop culture phenomenon”. For books, ""Chamber of Secrets"" is released in 1998; ""Prisoner of Azkaban"", in 1999; ""Goblet of Fire"", in 2000; and ""Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix"" in 2003.

As the Internet is increasingly integrated into Western schools, and J.K. Rowling conducting online “chat room interviews” with school-children, Harry Potter fan fiction and discussion begins to appear - and spread rapidly - online, quickly dwarfing other book communities.

By the present day, Harry Potter is by far the largest fandom with written and posted fanfictions on Fanfiction.net, numbering about ~787,000 works.

Likewise, “BNFs”, or Big-Name Fans, begin to appear in the Harry Potter online fan community, and greatly influence many fans’ views with their postings.

Some of these “BNFs”, particularly for the most popular Harry Potter fan websites, become publicly seen as the primary spokespeople for the online fan community, despite most being teenagers. They are also given opportunities to host exclusive interviews with J.K. Rowling herself, so long as they “supported Rowling’s views and vision”.

However, J.K. Rowling did *not* seem particularly fond of the Internet herself, or online communities. [In fact, the concept of the Internet itself “scared” her.](http://www.accio-quote.org/articles/2003/0302-newsround-mzimba.htm)

----------

**2004 - J.K. Rowling comes out publicly in support of Harry Potter fanfiction online, but only on “her terms”.**

As you might tell, to the then-young fan base at the time, this wouldn’t have been a problem. However, as the fan base “grew up”, and Internet use continued to spread globally, this *did* become an issue.

To quote Rowling's agent:

&gt; “J.K. Rowling's reaction is that she is very flattered by the fact there is such great interest in her Harry Potter series, and that people take the time to write their own stories. Her concern would be to make sure that it remains a non-commercial activity to ensure fans are not exploited, and it is not being published, in the strict sense of traditional print publishing.

&gt; The [Harry Potter] books may be getting older, but they are still aimed at young children. If young children were to stumble on Harry Potter in a an x-rated, ‘adult content’ story, that would be a problem [for J.K. Rowling].”

The rise of the Internet, especially as time went on, also continued to play an increasing role in the gap between Rowling’s views, and those of Harry Potter fans. As Internet use became more ingrained and a cornerstone in Western culture, so, too, did discussing Harry Potter by fans in online communities.

According to one article:

&gt; “[Fanfiction is] something that fan cultures have always been involved in. The arrival of [the Internet] means it has a greater visibility. Before the age of the Internet, it was only circulated between fans.”

--------------

**2005 - ""Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince"" (book) is published.** 

After going on a “research trip” to an orphanage prior to the book’s release, presumably to write a believable and realistic backstory for Tom Marvolo Riddle (Lord Voldemort)’s childhood spent in one, the appalling conditions of the institutions cause Rowling’s views to begin to change.

Sometime between 2005 - 2007, [Rowling would go on to change her previous view, and stance, of Voldemort as a “psychopath”, developing more sympathy and empathy for his character than she had previously](https://www.quora.com/Was-Voldemort-a-psychopath-He-was-self-preserving-7-horcruxes-self-centred-He-killed-without-batting-an-eyelid-He-couldnt-love/answer/Amber-Goldsmith). Furthermore, her horror at the reality of orphanages’ terrible conditions caused her to found her primary charity, LUMOS, dedicating to “abolishing” these institutions, and reuniting children with their families.

This, I believe, marks the beginning of Rowling’s changing views on a story that she once promised to herself to “stick to her original outline on”. She had been writing the story for almost a decade (10 years) at this point.

It would also mark when she fist began to diverge from most fans’ popular views on the Harry Potter books and characters, which would, it seem, largely remain the same, even in the decade or so to come.

---------

**2007 - Rowling publishes ""Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows"", the books series’ final installment.**

Her making public her view of Dumbledore as gay after the book’s release was also seen as contentious, especially during, and after, a period in the United States where gay marriage, and LGBTQA+ rights, were a major issue (1990’s - 2000’s).

A lot of fans tend to forget that this reveal was 11 years ago, when the scene for LGBTQA+ rights, and how people viewed them, was much different than it is today. Popular perception of LGBTQA+ folk from the 1990’s, when Harry Potter is set, was still changing, and would for several years to come. Only 4 years earlier, in 2004, the first legal same-sex marriage in the United States had taken place in Massachusetts.

However, even in the given climate at the time, Rowling’s announcement was met with plenty of controversy - and some because gay marriage was not yet legal in the United States. Likewise, there were some rumours of Warner Brothers, the makers of the Harry Potter films, quietly “silencing” their LGBTQA+ actors from the films, for the purpose of “preserving their public image”.

Only later, well after gay marriage’s legalization in the 2010’s, and after other actions of hers, would Rowling’s decision be later seen in an entirely different light.

-----------

**2007 - 2012 - J.K. Rowling, her legal team, and Warner Bros. file, and win, multiple lawsuits** against fans trying to publish “unofficial” Harry Potter books and encyclopedias, including popular Harry Potter fan website the Harry Potter Lexicon. She also accused said fans of ""plagiarism"" (see [here](https://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/16/nyregion/16potter.html)).

This was, perhaps, the first inkling of more serious and widespread Harry Potter fan discontent and disagreement with Rowling, and the first time where Rowling took major legal action against “BNFs” in the online fan community who “stepped out of line”.

Likewise, in 2009, J.K. Rowling did something previously thought to be “unprecedented” for her: she joined the social media site Twitter, seemingly going back on her previous, wary views of the Internet as “dangerous”.

Perhaps it was due to efforts to combat online plagiarism; or, perhaps, it was done as a way to further transition, and grow, her presence and marketing as an author online.

In either case, this would, as it turned out, further serve to prove that Rowling’s views towards the Harry Potter books and franchise as a whole were changing, as well as what she wanted for the direction of it in the future.

---------------

**2012 - J.K. Rowling opens Pottermore.com, presumably in lieu of publishing an “official” Harry Potter encyclopedia.**

The site, done with a contract between Rowling / Pottermore LTD and Sony, first opened as an online gaming site. It proves to be massively popular with the online Harry Potter fan community, rekindling widespread interest in the series and franchise.

By now, the Internet has since grown to about ~2.5 billion users, or ~36% of the global population. Despite the movies and films being over (for now), with the last Harry Potter film having been released in 2011, Harry Potter is becoming bigger than ever as a franchise. It proves to be immensely popular in merchandise and toy sales, topping that of existing, popular franchises, such as Star Wars.

However, the Pottermore site, while popularly received, suffered from numerous delays, bugs, and issues. This, in turn, would lead to…

---------------

**2014 - J.K. Rowling, interviewed by Emma Watson, announces that her view of the series has changed in the infamous “Wonderland interview”.**

After years of Rowling working with the most popular Harry Potter fan community websites to “promote her original views and vision” for the books, including particularly emphasizing support of the Ron/Hermione and Harry/Ginny romantic pairings…

…J.K. Rowling, in this interview, completely backtracked on her previous actions, publicly admitting that her “views had changed” since 2006/2007, when she had originally written ""Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows"". (You can read an excerpt [here](http://www.the-leaky-cauldron.org/2014/02/07/full-wonderland-interview-reveals-ronhermione-shippers-can-relax/).)

Rowling’s remarriage to doctor Neil Murray, whom she compared in another interview to “Harry Potter himself” (and herself, on multiple occasions, to Hermione), seemed to have changed her initial views somewhat on Ron/Hermione and Harry/Ginny.

Needless to say, for the main Harry Potter fan websites - namely, the Leaky Cauldron and MuggleNet - who had worked closely with Rowling for years in promoting Ron/Hermione and Harry/Ginny, as well as countless fans who had supported these romantic pairs, Rowling’s admission was seen highly controversial at best, and a “betrayal” at worst.

This further caused negative backlash by angry and upset fans against the author, which leads us to…

----------------

**2015 - J.K. Rowling, abandoning the “online gaming” Pottermore format, relaunches Pottermore as an “online encyclopedia” (of-sorts).** 

This move causes widespread negative reactions, and uproar, from Harry Potter fans and the online community, which begins a downward spiral of fans beginning to view Rowling more negatively.

Likewise, Rowling’s company, Pottermore LTD, which was a team hired manage the website in lieu of Rowling herself, further designed “articles” based on the format of popular website Buzzfeed.

This included the creation of “clickbait” titles in order to gain more traffic, which many fans greatly disliked, not just because the articles were misleading - promising new information, when, in reality, there was none - but also due to the poorly-written quality of many of the “articles”.

Many fans also criticized the website’s poor search function and formatting, which made it difficult to navigate the site, and to locate specific articles. The website’s branding of “the digital heart of the wizarding world” also greatly rankled fans, who expected much more than what the site actually provided.

But the worst was yet to come…

-----------

**2016 - J.K. Rowling, largely giving artistic license to Jack Thorne and John Tiffany, publishes the ""Harry Potter and the Cursed Child"" script.**

This one is fairly self-explanatory. ""Harry Potter and the Cursed Child"", which was later revealed to be largely “ghostwritten” for Rowling on the part of Thorne and Tiffany, received an enourmous amount of backlash and negative criticism from Harry Potter fans and the online community.

The main reason for fan backlash? Not only was the work widely regarded as “unfaithful”, and wildly inconsistent, with how most fans popularly viewed the original Harry Potter books - and for good reason - but it was later admitted by Thorne that he had based a large part of the story “off of his own personality and experiences”, practically imposing his own life over that of Harry Potter, the main character, in the play.

To many fans, because J.K. Rowling chose not to solely write the script herself, and allowed Thorne and Tiffany to have what they saw as “too much creative control”, this served to further sour the once-rosy view that many fans held of Rowling.

Likewise, Rowling herself, who had previously been documented by fans as liking “black Hermione” or “race-bent Hermione” art shared from Tumblr on her official Twitter account, agreed on the casting of a black actress, Noma Dumezweni, as Hermione Granger in the on-stage production of Cursed Child.

Again, this decision - and Rowling’s later defense of it - proved to be extremely controversial amongst fans, many of whom “always saw Hermione as white”.

To complicate matters even further, Rowling was also heavily criticized by a sub-section of Harry Potter fans on her portrayal of Native American and African wizards and witches in her “expanded lore” essays “A History of Magic in North America”, which were posted on Pottermore as promotion for ""Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them"".

-----------

**2018 - 20 Years Later - J.K. Rowling vs. the Fans - “Who ‘owns’ Harry Potter?”**

Given all of the above, it’s easy to see how, when, and why the Harry Potter fandom “began to turn” on J.K. Rowling.

Based on what I’ve personally seen, in my experience with the online Harry Potter fan community, the most recent examples of Pottermore (“A History of Magic in North America”) and ""Harry Potter and the Cursed Child"" merely brought to light a dispute between Rowling and her fans that had been brewing for a long time.

Namely, the dispute is thus: “Who ‘owns’ Harry Potter, as a franchise, and its future direction? J.K. Rowling, the original author who wrote the series, and continues to write content…or the Harry Potter fans, who support the franchise with their money?”

From the timeline provided above, the process of divergence has been one years in the making, taking over a decade to come to an impasse between author and fans.

With the original Harry Potter fans “growing up” and maturing, so, too, have they increasingly come to view Harry Potter not as a “children’s book series”, but as an “adult one”, too. Meanwhile, Rowling still largely sees the original Harry Potter books as “for children”, seeking to write more “adult” themes into the spin-off Fantastic Beasts film franchise.

To revisit the “generational gap” as well, it’s clear that J.K. Rowling, who grew up in a more “conservative” time, has vastly different views of Harry Potter than Milennial fans do.

The primary reason for this? Technology. Specifically, the rise of the Internet and social media in modern society. As opposed to the time Rowling grew up in, Milennial Harry Potter fans are now much greater in number and vocal ability, thanks to growing up using (and forming communities on) the Internet.

You can read more [here](https://www.huffingtonpost.com/suren-ramasubbu/from-gen-x-to-y-and-z-tec_b_7645410.html) as to the differences between how generations use technology, the Internet, and social media. 

--------

*OP's Note: Due to text-only week, I am aware of the lackluster formatting of this post / article. I will be working to refine it further over the next day or so.*"
261,"I started because I wanted to make extra money and there was a shake shop near my work that I would go to sometimes. Their products taste really good, the shakes themselves are actually solid meal replacements, and I did make a couple hundred dollars one month.

BUT

My upline was always disappointed in ""how little effort [I was] putting in"", her upline was a total cunt, and the others in the shake shop were really culty. EVERY month, I was pressured to go to hotel meetings, which I did because literally everyone in the org I was in did it. Waste of time and money. And after putting in countles hours at the shake shop volunteering for shifts at the register and making shakes, I was told that I wasn't doing enough and was asked in front of everyone at our ""team meeting"" why I was even there. Like I said, total cunt. 

I also lost a bunch of friends because I did the social media garbage posts you're all referencing.  It was four ish years ago and I still get cringey thinking about it. AAAAAAANYWAY, yeah don't get duped people. It sucks."
262,Prove me wrong. 
263,Distract me from mu plz
264,"I warn you I have no musical knowledge

Edit: so many voulenteers... how am I going to arrange this

Edit 2: there's gonna be a discord to arrange all of this, I'll link it when it's made

Edit 3: Discord link: https://discord.gg/As6Kj9 anyone welcome

"
265,"Been wanting to watch this show for years but it wasn't available anywhere to stream besides some mobile streaming app. 

I'm using U.S. Amazon prime

It also seems that season 3 and the movies aren't up on prime yet. This could just be a error"
266,"As a mp level 100 with 16 days played and chrome camo, I don’t wanna go back and grind my ass off for The new guns... I would like to try them  but don’t have The salvage :( please sledgehammer, reward those who spend that extra money on The season pass"
267,"After my post yesterday about the occasional guilty pleasure I wanted to provide a little balance lest those who are just starting out get the idea that we're a bunch of junk food junkies based on the outpouring of ""I ate crap today"" confessionals. Over the past year plus, I've realized why choosing healthier options on a regular basis is definitely my preference even though I enjoy indulging the odd fast food craving.

Is it because they're more nourishing, chock full of vitamins, minerals and will help to meet my chosen macro nutrient ratios? That's why I'm supposed to eat that way right? Honestly though, that wasn't why my diet shifted more and more towards these choices at first\- it's because I get too eat SO... MUCH... MORE. And let's face it, most of us ended up at a weight we never saw ourselves reaching mostly because we enjoying chowing down.

That single whopper I had with cheese was 760 calories, comprised of 33 grams of protein, 47 grams of fat\(!\) and 49 grams of carbs. Now contrast that with my breakfast and lunch today:

Two slices of turkey breast, a pickle, half a cup of cottage cheese with sliced peaches, a bowl of oatmeal with sliced strawberries, greek yogurt, a chicken stir fry with veggies, a small apple, a banana and another greek yogurt at lunch.

And ALL of that totals just 5 calories more than that one whopper I had at 765 calories! Macro nutrient wise that's 75 grams of protein\(!\), 8 grams of fat and 98 grams of carbs.

For me, the choice is clear: I love eating, I love to eat more than less, so healthier options ARE the way to go !"
268,"I said, ""Spiders.""

He said, ""Professional ones?""

I said, ""I don't know, I've never seen one in a suit before."""
269,"In 1995 I was put up for adoption and was eventually adopted by an American family and have been raised in California. I haven't had any contact with my birth mother since being born. Anyways long story short I want to try to talk to her. I've written a letter but I don't know how to speak Romanian and I'm not sure if she can understand English. I was hoping one of you could please help me translate the letter I've written to Romanian. I'm not sure if some of the English phrases I use will translate well into Romanian so feel free to change it slightly to make it make more sense in Romanian. [EDIT] Here is the letter. Some of the personal information such as  names and addresses has been edited out and replaced with a * symbol. I've never written anything like this before so feel free to give your input if you think it's not good or that she wouldn't like a part of it or something.

I think I want the front of the envelope to just say ""April 26th, 1995"". Hopefully when she sees it she'll understand what that means. Anyways:



Dear *********

Hello *****, my name is Ellie [last name] I am 22 years old, I was born on April 26, 1995 in Romania, and I am your biological child. I understand that this must be just as confusing and emotional for you to read as it was for me to write. But as I'm getting older I've been thinking about you more and more. I found your name and address in the adoption paperwork that we kept.

I'm so curious to learn all about you. I hope someday I can hear your story. I have so many questions but I don't want to overwhelm you so I'll try to keep it relatively short. I'd really appreciate whatever you're comfortable sharing with me. I'd like to know more about the circumstances surrounding my birth? How old were you when I was born? Are you still in contact with the father? Can you tell me about our ancestors and your family tree? Have you had any other kids? I really hope you're doing well and you're happy. I live in California with my adoptive family. I graduated from college, have lots of close friends, and am a musician.

Thank you for taking the time to read this. If you would prefer to speak through email from now on, my email address is ****************

Ellie *****

California, U.S.A.

[EDIT] Thank you all so much. I wasn't expecting this much support! I fell asleep but I'm gonna try and answer everyone's questions now. Thank you r/Romania, stay classy."
270,"So here's the story I bought a house last year and moved in with my girlfriend who did not sign a lease. I have broken up with her and am now in the position of having to force her out of my apartment. About 15 days ago, I served her a 30 day notice to quit, which she has largely ignored, claiming that I said that she could stay there. Furthermore, she has attempted to transfer me rent for June.  I have since refunded her money, however she simply transferred it back to me yet again.  Obviously it is ludicrous to keep shoving this money back and forth, and the bank has been less than helpful with my requests to have any and all payments from her accounts blocked.

What is the right way to handle this situation knowing that I really can't stop her from putting money in my account?

Additionally, since I served her the 30 day notice in the middle of last month, does that make her required vacate date the middle of June? I just need a bit of clarification there.

Any help is greatly appreciated, this has been a waking nightmare for me the past several weeks."
271,"Maybe, just maybe:

1. Chelsea is a billion dollar club with powerful and capable people that are actively fixing the situation
2. Chelsea are avoiding the 8mil fee for Sarri to allocate those funds to players on top of an already large ""war chest""
3. We have a competent management team that is learning from mistakes of the past
4. Everything is deep in negotiation and will be completed soon
5. Our club isn't on fire
6. The players will like Sarri
7. We'll be top 4 next season and challenging in Euro League while we rebuild


...Or all the balls we're juggling fall on the ground"
272,"So, in the past couple of months we’ve all heard a lot of good ideas regarding what IS may be planning on doing with the winners of CYL2.

Which leaves me wondering instead: how about some bad ideas? How could IS screw this up and completely ruin these characters? I have a few ideas:

Veronica: Sword Infantry (because we really needed more of those)
Celica: Lance Cavalry (we needed to sneak Conrad into the game somehow)
Hector: Axe Armor with Distant Counter and Armads (Variety’s for losers anyways)
Ephraim: Flying Healer (IS decided to finally give in to our demands, and we all know how much Ephraim loves sitting back and letting other people fight on his behalf)

So, there’s my awful pitch. What do you think of it? How do YOU think IS could ruin this?
"
273,"New Type R. Just has 13798 miles.

Thanks Honda for A\) Not making enough B\) Letting dealers continue to Rip off those interested.

[https://www.vandergriffhonda.com/new/Honda/2018\-Honda\-Civic\+Type\+R\-30034e6a0a0e0ae94b8a36a558b08903.htm](https://www.vandergriffhonda.com/new/Honda/2018-Honda-Civic+Type+R-30034e6a0a0e0ae94b8a36a558b08903.htm)"
274,"Siehste dat? 26 Grad?!...da soll ich jetzt den ganzen Tag vorm Rechner sitzen! Die Nacht kommt einfach ihrer Arbeit nicht nach, das is dat Problem, hä? Die Nacht kommt einfach ihrer Arbeit nicht nach, weil die, weiß ich nicht...zu dumm ist, oder was... Wohnungen MÜSSEN runtergekühlt werden! Jetzt wach ich hier auf, jetzt guck dir die Scheiße an. Hat die Nacht einfach keine Lust hier, oder wat? Du musst ma fragen, ob die...weiß ich nicht....soll ich auf Arbeit fahr'n, oder wat? Is doch lächerlich, oder? Weiß doch, was so'n Rechner heizt, oder? Junge jetzt krieg ich jetzt langsam hier...werd ich aber n bisschen wild hier, langsam. JETZT REICHT'S MIR LANGSAM! HAM DIE KEINE WOHNUNG DIE NICHT NACH SÜDEN RAUSGEHT!?!? Junge, Junge, Junge, Junge, Junge, Junge, Junge, Junge, Junge, Junge! Oach Mensch, hör auf! Paar Nichtskönner, originale Nichtskönner. Das is hier n Mietshaus für Vollidioten. Genau solche Vollidioten wie diese Sachsen sind. VOLLIDIOTEN. Darum haben die auch nen extra Feiertag, weil die am Leben vorbeilaufen...diese Spinnerbande. Gar nichts, zusammenpacken, ENDE! Können noch nicht mal ne KLIMAANLAGE einbauen!"
275,[https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/marouane\-fellaini\-to\-reject\-manchester\-united\-offer\-njnsq8n5j](https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/marouane-fellaini-to-reject-manchester-united-offer-njnsq8n5j)
276,"I am sure that this was already mentioned in comments but I've seen many topics opened in the last hours about slow connection issues and the region change could be a huge factor in it.

Since the game uses p2p connection one of the most important factor for the connection strength and quality is the physical distance between the 2 players. When I was paired with players with my country (according to their nickname) the connection was always really strong. Keep in mind that even if you play your own region other players can join against you from other regions.

Also it's worth to clarify since it is not clear to many of us that in case of p2p connection usually the experience is more or less the same in both sides. So someone with ""poor"" connection won't have better chance against you since you'll be just as laggy to them as they are to you. Your opponent sees the same connection strength icon as you. Of course this also depends on many factors (and it sadly gives some room to cheating with special tools) so it is not always true, but generally this is the situation.

Another thing to note to avoid the ""why p2p"" discussion: in case of 1v1/2v2 games (like for example fighting games) p2p is the best way to play multiplayer since the data don't have to travel to a server and then back to players. When more and more players play the same game and have to communicate with each other a centralized, server based solution gets better and better. As a rule of thumb when 5+ players are connected in a single game then a well placed, fast server is considered as a better solution than p2p but this again depends on many factors.

edit: p2p means peer2peer in this case. So the gaming clients are connected directly to each other, there isn't a dedicated server between them."
277,"In 1995 I was put up for adoption and was eventually adopted by an American family and have been raised in California. I haven't had any contact with my birth mother since being born. Anyways long story short I want to try to talk to her. I've written a letter but I don't know how to speak Romanian and I'm not sure if she can understand English. I was hoping one of you could please help me translate the letter I've written to Romanian. I'm not sure if some of the English phrases I use will translate well into Romanian so feel free to change it slightly to make it make more sense in Romanian. [EDIT] Here is the letter. Some of the personal information such as  names and addresses has been edited out and replaced with a * symbol. I've never written anything like this before so feel free to give your input if you think it's not good or that she wouldn't like a part of it or something.

I think I want the front of the envelope to just say ""April 26th, 1995"". Hopefully when she sees it she'll understand what that means. Anyways:



Dear *********

Hello *****, my name is Ellie [last name] I am 22 years old, I was born on April 26, 1995 in Romania, and I am your biological child. I understand that this must be just as confusing and emotional for you to read as it was for me to write. But as I'm getting older I've been thinking about you more and more. I found your name and address in the adoption paperwork that we kept.

I'm so curious to learn all about you. I hope someday I can hear your story. I have so many questions but I don't want to overwhelm you so I'll try to keep it relatively short. I'd really appreciate whatever you're comfortable sharing with me. I'd like to know more about the circumstances surrounding my birth? How old were you when I was born? Are you still in contact with the father? Can you tell me about our ancestors and your family tree? Have you had any other kids? I really hope you're doing well and you're happy. I live in California with my adoptive family. I graduated from college, have lots of close friends, and am a musician.

Thank you for taking the time to read this. If you would prefer to speak through email from now on, my email address is ****************

Ellie *****

California, U.S.A.

[EDIT] Thank you all so much. I wasn't expecting this much support! I fell asleep but I'm gonna try and answer everyone's questions now. Thank you r/Romania, stay classy."
278,"Why are they even there if I cant create them, I try to keep a full collection and thats something that makes it impossible. Is there any way where I can get 2 extra Weapon Requisitions to create them?
Pls fix."
279,"I stopped by Dunkin Doughnuts to splurge on a cappuccino because I'm 7 lbs away from GW. Guy at the counter says ""free doughnut w coffee today pick one!""  I pick out a nice Boston creme filled chocolate covered doughnut and hand the doughnut a kid sitting nearby.  Keto on!  "
280,"So, in the past couple of months we’ve all heard a lot of good ideas regarding what IS may be planning on doing with the winners of CYL2.

Which leaves me wondering instead: how about some bad ideas? How could IS screw this up and completely ruin these characters? I have a few ideas:

Veronica: Sword Infantry (because we really needed more of those)
Celica: Lance Cavalry (we needed to sneak Conrad into the game somehow)
Hector: Axe Armor with Distant Counter and Armads (Variety’s for losers anyways)
Ephraim: Flying Healer (IS decided to finally give in to our demands, and we all know how much Ephraim loves sitting back and letting other people fight on his behalf)

So, there’s my awful pitch. What do you think of it? How do YOU think IS could ruin this?
"
281,"President Donald Trump doubled down on his demand for an apology from ABC on Friday, claiming the network offended 'millions of people.'
Trump also criticized ABC for a story reporter Brian Ross did last year on the Russia investigation that the network later retracted. 
It was his second demand in two days for an apology from Disney CEO Bob Iger.  Disney owns ABC.

### **Trump tweets ABC 'has offended millions of people' | Daily Mail Online** ###

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5791189/Trump-says-ABC-offended-millions-people-doubles-insisting-CEO-apologize.html
"
282,"How is that supposed to make me feel hopeful about anything? 

Here are dudes who abandoned their supposedly misogynist beliefs and have still not gotten a romantic relationship. 

I'm not even misogynist to begin with, nor do I feel entitled to a girl's love or time. I'm just fucking lonely and want to find just one woman who sees me as a man worthy of being her boyfriend. 

What's the point? Whether they call themselves ex-incel or incel, tey have the same romantic prospects."
283,"So my cousin in Bangalore just got a new job - first out of college. Since I had some work in the city, I thought I would meet him as well (obligatory: fuck Bangalore traffic)

My cousin lives like most people his age: 4 guys in a 2bhk flat, 2 people to a room, plus 1 guy who officially isnt living there but crashes in their living room

They all sleep on cheap mattresses on the floor. Their living rooms dont have anything to sit on except cheap beanbags and two plastic chairs. Their kitchen has virtually no utensils save two pans and an induction cooker.

No biggie, I've gone through that too.

Then we go out for dinner and he drags me to a place in Indira Nagar. All his friends kept saying that it was ""nice"" and ""value for money""

The bill there was *at least* rs. 500/head. For those who drank alcohol, it was over 1k/head

Of course, they do this several times a month as well.

I don't get it. These people sleep on the floor. They dont have a single asset in their homes.

Yet they are okay spending 2 grand on a weekend, traveling by Uber, and generally living like first world people - or thinking that they are.

Maybe I'm stupid, but shouldn't your first priority be getting a bed to sleep on and a chair to sit on than to spend 8k a month on food and clothes?

I see this in so many young people around me: people living in shitty rooms (forget houses) with no assets to their names. Yet they go out and spend the equivalent of their rent on food and alcohol each month. 

And the worst of all is that they've somehow convinced themselves that spending 350 bucks for a pint of beer or 400 bucks on dinner is ""okay"" - even when they dont have a decent place to stay in or even a bed to call their own?

Or am I just being a grumpy old fuck?"
284,"Links to FCA presentations for Alfa Romeo, Maserati &amp; Jeep brands

Alfa Romeo
https://www.fcagroup.com/capitalmarketsday/Presentations/FCA%20June%201%202018%20CMD_Alfa%20Romeo%20Brand.pdf

Maserati https://www.fcagroup.com/capitalmarketsday/Presentations/FCA%20June%201%202018%20CMD_Maserati%20Brand.pdf

Jeep https://www.fcagroup.com/capitalmarketsday/Presentations/FCA%20June%201%202018%20CMD_Jeep%20Brand.pdf

Ram https://www.fcagroup.com/capitalmarketsday/Presentations/FCA%20June%201%202018%20CMD_RAM%20Brand.pdf"
285," Leave Nergi until last.  


Teo doesn't spawn in until after the first monster is down, so killing off Lunastra first prevents the blazing squad teaming up against you.  
Also, Nergi will have a turf war against the other two, and that's free damage all round.  


So please, leave Nergi for pudding."
286,Best rate since 1969 I believe. 
287,"So, a year or so ago my wife goes to a ""favorite things"" party. Basically all her friends bring their favorite thing and bring enough for the other friends there. My wife brought some bundt cake bites.

One of the girls brings her trash MLM energy powder and gets all the girls to take a shot.

It does t taste great but my wife came home and said she had more energy. I told her that a shot of caffeine late at night will do that. But she would have gotten the same result from a redbull.

Well, she unfortunately mentioned this boost of energy to the psycho MLM gal. So the next day my wife gets like 10 texts asking if she wants to make a purchase.

She likes this gal, and didn't want to hurt her feelings, and figured it was just 30 bucks, so whatever.

I see this crap come in the mail a week or two later and I asked her about it. I get that she didn't want to hurt her friend's feelings.

So I said, ""but it was just a one time purchase, right? No autoship? No account created, no distributorship?

She said no to all of this and assured me that it was just a one-time thing. 

But as a last point, she said, ""my friend was cool with just the one-time purchase. She even got me a discount.""

""Yeah. She screwed you. Guarantee you have a distributorship with them.""

She fought me on this and said smher friend needed just a bit more info to get her the discount, but that she had made sure by asking ""a dozen"" times that this was a one-time purchase. 

Well, we all know where this is going... one month later another package shows up. And inside is a statement for her of her new business and some tips for  signing up her downline.

My wife is basically in tears at the betrayal, so I did t lay into the ""i told you so"" routine. Instead, i told her I'd handle it.

I called the company and asked them why they sent my wife another shipment. They said she'd signed up a month ago for a new business account.

I told them that was impossible. She'd made a one-time purchase. 

They said they had the paperwork and her signature.

I asked for them to send a copy, to which they got defensive. 

I demanded a refund on not only this recurring purchase but the previous one as well.

They said they couldn't do that.

""Cool, just so you're aware, my wife recorded the conversation with your rep (bullshit bit who cares) and we confirmed that she said no account and this was a one-time purchase. So if you have a signature on file. That's fraud. And since she used my wife's credit card and identification information to sign up for the account, that's identity fraud and financial fraud. I'll call the police now and we'll sort this out another way.""

Within seconds she asked me to hold, transferred me to a supervisor, and the charges were refunded and they promised to look into the practices of my wife's friend.

I then got on social media, and messaged my wife's friend the following:

Look, I get that you're trying to hustle and build something with your MLM, but what you did in lying to my wife about a discount and signing her up for something she specifically said not to, is illegal. I called your company and got a refund this time, but next time you might do this to someone that isn't as forgiving as me, and you'll go to jail for pulling shot like that. I like you, your husband, and our kids get along. So please stop doing stuff that could jeopardize our friendship. 

Sure enough. She apologized but blamed it all on a miscommunication. I let it stand at that and didn't call her out on her bullshit... but holy shit this is illegal and I know it goes on every day.

TL:DR my wife got signed up, without her consent, for a distributorship. And I could have sent her friend to jail..."
288,"During Ghost's set a man collapsed, and unfortunately was not able to recover from whatever happened.

I want all of us to come together now and send positive vibes out to his family. Pray, think of him, whatever you can do now.

RIP Ghoul. We all are thinking of you.

If anyone has contact details of this person's family, please send it to the mods so we can help their family out during this terrible time. We are all thinking of them."
289,"https://twitter.com/Brett_McMurphy/status/1002611568587223040

Previously, SEC required grad transfers to sit out a year when transferring to another SEC school."
290,He just said so on his stream. Super hype!
291," Olá!  

I work at a university in the UK and may have an opportunity to teach in Brazil at one of two universities for a week in December. I'm thrilled, but my wife is quite nervous. There's a lot of misinformation about the state of social/political life in Brazil now, so I thought I'd ask this subreddit about visiting and teaching in Brazil, and what real concerns should I consider if I get a chance to visit? What might I expect from staff and students? I'm considering do a series of lectures on Paulo Freire \(I'm in education\), is there anything I should consider when discussing Paulo in Brazil?   

BTW, one university is Universidade Federal do Sul e Sudeste do Pará and the other is  Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro.   

Obrigado!"
292,"""Directiva parlamentului european si a consiliului privind dreptul de autor pe piața unica digitala"", supranumit ""Articolul 13"", este o propunere a UE de a monitoriza toti utilizatorii Uniunii Europene pentru a detecta daca acestia incalca in orice fel drepturi de autor. (sound familliar?). Definitia lor pentru ""incalcarea"" acestor drepturi este foarte larga. Pana si un citat dintr-o opera sau un link catre o poza asupra caruia un utilizator nu detine drepturi de autor ar fi blocata.

Deci pe scurt, [ACTA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bQV_pdr2lI) v2.0 

[Link catre documentul integral](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/RO/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:52016PC0593&amp;from=EN)

[Link catre un articol](http://www.alphr.com/politics/1009470/article-13-EU-what-is-it-copyright)

[Link catre un forum post care a explicat mai bine decat mine](https://www.mmo-champion.com/threads/2400749-EU-Article-13-(Death-of-the-internet-as-we-know-it)




 "
293,"and suddenly lepers' right foot starts to itch. He scratches it against the wall and it falls off. He takes it and tosses it through their cell window.


The pothead is looking at the leper and lights up a joint.


Suddenly lepers' left foot starts to itch. He scratches it against the wall and it falls off. He takes it and tosses it through the cell window.


The pothead is already pretty high and still watches the leper.


Next lepers' left arm starts to itch. He scratches it against the wall and it falls off. He takes it and tosses it through the cell window.


The pothead is now very high and visibly excited.


Finally lepers' right arm starts to itch. He scratches it against the wall and it falls off. He grabs it with his teeth and tosses it through the cell window.


The pothead starts jumping around the cell and cheering: ""Way to go man, you're almost out!"""
294,"Went through the soda and chip ilses \(which are back to back in my store\) to get sparkling water and prok rinds. 

Holy shit, it is two solid isles of nothing but shit food that will make people fat and sick.

Every once and a while it hits me how fucked our food system is when this is normal."
295,"(First of - I don’t know the man who got cardiac arrest and passed yesterday in the show in Milwaukee. I don’t even live in the USA.

Second - This is no mockery in any way.)

My morning started in happiness an euphoria knowing that it’s Prequelle-day. Big day. Huuuge day.

And then I did some reading, hoping to hearing peoples opinion on this fantastic record. And then I read something else.

I don’t really know how to put it.. but my heart really sank to a dark pit when I heard that a fellow brother of the Ghost fan base passed away after getting cardiac arrest during the show in Milwaukee.

Pro Memoria feels so ironic in this situation. From now on, every time I listen to Pro Memoria,my salutes goes to the fellow brother we lost in Milwaukee. 

R.I.P"
296,"""I figure it is because of how I have looked, that I have aged,"" she told Matt Zoller Seitz at the Split Screens Festival in Manhattan last night.

Since this sub doesn't like Twitter links, here's a few screenshots:

https://i.imgur.com/TjYdrpJ.png

https://i.imgur.com/zI7XLpj.png"
297,And then he turns it up like no big deal. The guy's made of bricks.
298,"Hey everyone!

We're now approaching the end of the working week here at Jagex, but we wanted to give you an overview of everything related to Solak, in this post you'll find information on what bugfixes we have coming, what hotfixes we've done so far and much more!

It goes without saying that we're thrilled with Solak's release so far, streams that broadcasted Solak did incredibly well and we here at Jagex loved watching the battles on our screens.

Unfortunately some bugs did slip by, some of these revolved around bypassing the damage caps we implemented in to Solak to stop you ""skipping"" phases.

We’re assessing how many players abused this and will follow through with appropriate action based on the severity of their abuse. Bug abuse is something we will not tolerate. 

However, our work is never done, we've been relentlessly tracking down issues and fixing them where possible, to give you an idea check out the list below

#Bugfixes &amp; Feedback for next game update (4/06/2018)
- The minimum and maximum amount of reaper kills assigned for Solak has been lowered. 
- The lifepoints on the Manifestations of Erethdor on phase 4 of Solak's group mode in the overworld has been lowered from 45,000 to 25,000.
- Another magical mushroom has appeared near the fairy ring in The Lost Grove, which acts as a shortcut down from the hill.
- An option to exit the arena before the fight has started has been added to Solak.
- The Burst of Nature attack will no longer deal damage to players at the end of phase 4 if Solak has been killed.
- A purple spotanim that plays around Solak will now clear at the start of the next attack.
- Solak will no longer attempt to insta-kill players who have left a previous Solak fight and entered a fresh battle.
- Solak’s arms and legs will now pass all damage types through it’s hiteffect.
- If players are pushed out of the arena, they will be dragged back to the middle.

#Hotfixes since the last update:

- 29/05, 12:00 UTC: Merethiel's stave override is no longer unlocked for all players.
- 30/05, 10:30 UTC: Added a check to nerf poison damage when Solak should be moved into the next phase.
- 31/05, 08:10 UTC: Vengeance now has a maximum damage cap.
- 31/05, 09:30 UTC: All damage types no longer bypass Solak's HP cap on phase 3.
- 31/05, 10:30 UTC: Applied the above HP cap fix to duo-mode Solak.
- 31/05, 14:00 UTC: The binding crush mechanic on phase 2 of Solak will now draw a player back into the arena if placed outside of the playable arena.

#Bugs being investigated

- Phase 3 - Solak does not store the last tank when being subdued by a rune, causing him to reagro to a nearby player.
- Phase 2 - Solak will sometimes get stuck and do nothing after his ‘Binding crush’ attack.
- When attacking Solak, he is using Nex: Angel of Death sounds. 
- The last hit of a dying NPC will ignore defensive abilities &amp; prayers, this has especially affected players taking on the manifestations in P4.

***

It goes without saying that all of the feedback you've given us has been incredibly helpful, we'll continue to monitor over the weekend as well as after the game update on Monday!"
299,"Hey everyone, Talk Nintendo Podcast here with another E3 giveaway =D.

We're giving away a $10 eShop giftcard!


**With E3 just around the corner, we want to know what your dream announcement would be! Doing so will enter you into our random drawing for the eShop giftcard as well as a chance to have your comment read aloud on our next episode!** 

Winner will be selected on 6/5/18 at 9pm EST


---------------------------------

Check out our twitter for an information on a bonus entry, however it is completely unnecessary to do so. We are also on iTunes and podcast services for anyone interested in checking out the podcast!

https://twitter.com/TalkNintendoPod/status/1002347488781701126
"
300,"**[](/CLE) CLE**|**Min**|**FG**|**FT**|**3PT**|**+/-**|**OR**|**Reb**|**A**|**Blk**|**Stl**|**TO**|**PF**|**Pts**|
|:---|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|
T. Thompson|20:16|1-4|0-0|0-0|-7|2|5|0|1|0|1|3|2|
L. James|48:24|19-32|10-11|3-7|-13|4|8|8|1|1|5|2|51|
K. Love|39:04|9-20|2-2|1-8|-13|3|14|1|0|0|1|1|21|
J.R. Smith|37:15|3-10|2-2|2-6|-20|3|6|2|0|0|2|1|10|
G. Hill|30:29|2-5|1-2|2-4|-11|0|1|1|0|1|0|5|7|
J. Green|36:01|3-9|0-0|1-6|-5|1|2|5|0|1|1|1|7|
L. Nance Jr.|19:21|4-6|1-4|0-0|+3|4|11|0|0|1|0|2|9|
J. Clarkson|17:09|2-9|0-0|0-3|+8|1|3|0|1|1|1|1|4|
K. Korver|16:53|1-3|0-1|1-3|+10|0|2|1|0|0|0|2|3|
A. Zizic|0:03|0-0|0-0|0-0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
C. Osman|0:03|0-0|0-0|0-0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
R. Hood|0:03|0-0|0-0|0-0|-2|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
K. Perkins|0:00|0-0|0-0|0-0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
O. White|0:00|0-0|0-0|0-0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
J. Calderón|0:00|0-0|0-0|0-0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
L. Perrantes|0:00|0-0|0-0|0-0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
J. Holland|0:00|0-0|0-0|0-0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
Totals|265|44-98(.449)|16-22(.727)|10-37(.270)|-|18|52|18|3|5|11|18|114|

**[](/GSW) GSW**|**Min**|**FG**|**FT**|**3PT**|**+/-**|**OR**|**Reb**|**A**|**Blk**|**Stl**|**TO**|**PF**|**Pts**|
|:---|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|---:|
K. Looney|24:32|4-5|0-0|0-0|-10|3|4|0|0|1|0|4|8|
D. Green|47:06|5-9|1-1|2-5|+13|1|11|9|3|5|2|4|13|
S. Curry|46:26|11-23|2-2|5-11|+10|0|6|9|0|1|2|1|29|
K. Durant|46:17|8-22|9-10|1-7|+17|0|9|6|3|1|1|3|26|
K. Thompson|45:26|8-16|3-3|5-10|+9|0|3|1|0|0|1|3|24|
S. Livingston|18:08|4-5|2-2|0-0|+3|0|2|3|0|1|0|1|10|
J. Bell|12:49|2-3|0-0|0-1|+2|0|2|2|0|0|0|1|4|
N. Young|10:08|1-4|0-0|0-2|+9|0|0|0|0|0|0|1|2|
J. McGee|6:17|2-3|0-0|0-0|+5|0|1|0|1|0|0|0|4|
D. West|4:12|1-1|0-0|0-0|-6|0|0|1|0|0|1|0|2|
P. McCaw|3:35|0-0|2-2|0-0|-2|0|0|0|0|1|0|0|2|
Q. Cook|0:03|0-0|0-0|0-0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
D. Jones|0:00|0-0|0-0|0-0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
A. Iguodala|0:00|0-0|0-0|0-0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
Z. Pachulia|0:00|0-0|0-0|0-0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
C. Boucher|0:00|0-0|0-0|0-0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|0|
Totals|265|46-91(.505)|19-20(.950)|13-36(.361)|-|4|38|31|7|10|7|18|124|

||
|:-:|
|^[nbaboxscoregenerator.com](http://www.nbaboxscoregenerator.com) ^by ^/u/Obi-Wan_Ginobili |"
301,"[Tweet here](https://twitter.com/andybittervt/status/1002566169860206593?s=21)

Webb was our star JUCO signing last season. Was going to help plug the gap of losing some talent this season on defense. 

Not anymore. "
302,"Welcome to Battle of the Gaybots where the Answer is Technology.

Keep it cute, put discussion of Season 10's Miss Congeniality/Fan Favourite/Bot Battle Queen here.

FAQ

No, Miss Congeniality has historically not always been awarded to the dictionary definition perceived

 ""most congenial contestant"". ^m^^a^^^y^^^^h^^^^e^^^^^m 

Yes, there is a monetary reward and there is a title, and subsequent branding opportunities attached to Miss Congeniality.

Yes, you can and should vote for who you think should win.

No, you don't have to agree with others but also don't get nasty.

Yes, there does seem to be a great level of vote manipulation.

Yes, VH1 can ignore the votes and crown Cynthia Lee Fontaine or anyone else should they so wish.

Yes, some jurisdictions (especially in the European Union) seem to not be able to access voting and may have to seek alternative means.

Yes, Miz Cracker appeared to be winning before the obvious levels of botting began.

Yes, Yuhua Hamasaki is a spectacular Queen despite being an early out.

Yes, the Main Event is an underrated RuBop and should be a season theme.

No, the Cher Rusical isn't so bad after you've watched it a few times. 

Vote here: http://www.vh1.com/shows/rupauls-drag-race/widget/miss-congeniality?xrs=_s.igs_RPDR

Live Results this way: https://jsfiddle.net/9x7ycsbm/embedded/result/"
303,"https://imgur.com/a/uUvAePN


I started playing FEH mainly to collect my favourite characters from across the series and make teams with them. Sacred Stones being my overall favourite and my first FE game back in the day. 


Innes is my first +10 5* exclusive unit and I'm chuffed to bits with his performance and how he turned out.


**Nature: +Res -Def**  
9 months for 10 copies and not one of them was +spd, which is probably optimal as per usual in this game.


But frankly, I love res tanks (and dodge tanks) in RPGs and if you're a res tank I want the res to be as high as possible. Doubles don't always matter if all the opponent is doing is charging my special :P 
In fact the first Innes I pulled was -res and  I was so upset. Like mate, you had ONE job. Thankfully a +res version showed up not long after so panic over. 


**Weapon: Nidhogg**  
I wouldn't say no to a refine in the future (buffs from 2 spaces and added effect please) but I don't think this bow is as bad as some make it out to be, I think it comes down to playstyle preference in the end. 


Invisible buff stacking in GC/Rival Domains is so easy, with units often being clustered together, and a lot of fun seeing how high the numbers can get. 
Tried out a spd refined guard bow for a while, but the lower might killed it for me and I didn't find the extra HP worth dropping the prf for in his case.  


**Assist: Draw Back**  
More like draw forward/sideways so someones next to him for EP tanking. 


**Special: Iceberg**  
Now, my math is terrible, but watching a res based special by a unit with a res boon is something else. Punting PVE armors with it is quite satisfying. 


**A skill: Atk/Spd Bond**  
Truth be told, I debated for ages whether to kill my only LA!Lyn to give this skill to him. Then WF!Hinoka came along and solved that dilemma for me. 
It buffs his important stats more than fury - with the latter and/or guard bow he was sometimes just barely missing out on a few crucial kills. 


He'd also now got got atk/res bond off one of all those NY!Takumi I pulled (6!!!) trying to get the last few copies. It's nice to play with, but would have more priority if he was +spd. 


**B skill: Dull Ranged**  
A niche skill for a niche unit. I mostly ran guard up to that point, but as soon as I saw it I needed it for Innes. Perfect vs bladetomes or if on the rare occasion he's on his own.


**C skill: Def Ploy**  
Arvis sacrifice wasn't in vain. Many more KOs have been made in his honour. Sometimes I use it for Innes teamates more than himself. 


**Seal: Distant Defense**  
It's unreasonable to expect 2+ allies around him every map so this is a nice EP buffer without needing DD2 overkill thanks to the res boon. 


**Final thoughts**  
While he won't help me in tier 20 arena, he's been a cornerstone of many a mage based or healer heavy ghb and bhb. Special mention for the heavy carry in CH11-5 even before he was super merged.


Thanks for reading!"
304,"Do you really think POTUS would meet with Kim Kardashian to talk about prison reform?

Yep doesn't make sense right...

How does someone like Kim and her entire family become the most famous family on earth? This doesn't just happen. Clearly Kim and her family have done things to remain at the top of the Hollywood elite and are fully aware of what evil exists in these circles.

So this is my opinion....  
1. Kanye has woken from his MK Ultra and started speaking out. Perhaps he is trying to make up for the evil sacrifices he has undertaken to gain his fame.  
2. Kim has witnessed and perhaps been involved in some sick stuff to gain her fame with the Hollywood elite .  
3. Perhaps Kim's robbery was also message from the elite.  
3. Kanye has received death threats to himself and perhaps his children.  
4. Kim is aware of these threats and knows that Kanye is going to continue to try to wake people up.  
5. Kim is scared for the safety of her family.

What would most mothers and wives do?

Ask Trump for protection and a deal for her family?

What does everyone else think?"
305,Ever since the new update it's getting harder and harder to play as the man class. Balance is out of the window. If you didn't spawn with the right statistics it's pretty much over in the midgame.
306,"I imagine there are quite a few people who want to boycott or limit use of American products to show support for our country in the coming trade war.

  


I know it's not a bloody war but this is still somewhat, war. Not just by name, this is a political war.

  


Does anyone think a mega thread discussing common U.S. products and Canadian/European alternatives would be helpful? I am trying to ignore the irony that reddit is a U.S. Company... They haven't done anything to antagonize our country though.

  


Thoughts? Obviously not every boycotted product will deserve this treatment, but in the grand scheme of things, mobilizing citizens to make a difference is how to win this ""war""

  


  
"
307,Visa are going through massive problems tonight processing people's cards apparently? I work at a bar in Camden and we are stuck waiting upwards of five minutes for a card transaction to go through. Save yourself and your tired bar staff some hassle and take out some cash before hitting the pub tonight.
308,"Please remember :

- **Do NOT downvote** just because you disagree with someone, but remember that if you have an opinion that goes against the grain, please make it at the very least constructive (i.e. why).

- Do **NOT** ask for/offer/distribute copyrighted material.

Thanks!"
309,"Nu är det 100 dagar till Kommunal-, Landstings-, och [Riksdags-](https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riksdagsvalet_i_Sverige_2018)val, så jag har samlat ihop lite länkar. De flesta länkar är mest relevanta för riksdagsvalet, eftersom att länka alla kommuner är lite mycket för mig. 

Generellt verkar alla kommuner ha egna wiki-sidor och hemsidor, det är lätt att hitta ifrån [wikipedia](https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lista_%C3%B6ver_Sveriges_kommuner). 


Partierna brukar också ha sidor med lokala frågor för varje kommun, som innehåller allt från [generella](http://www.hallbartlinkoping.se/allabarnsratt/) till [konkreta](https://vasteras.liberalerna.se/blog/rb/) åsiktspunkter.


### Allmänt

Riksdagens hemsida om valet [Valet 2018](https://www.riksdagen.se/sv/valet-2018/)

Vad gör kommuner och landsting? [skl.se](https://skl.se/tjanster/kommunerlandsting.431.html)

Valmyndigheten - [Rösta i förtid](https://www.val.se/svenska-valsystemet/satt-att-rosta/rosta-i-fortid.html), 
[Rösta i vallokal](https://www.val.se/svenskavalsystemet/sattattrosta/rostapavaldagenidinvallokal.html)

/u/vicorator [VMA - Gå och prata med politikerna som står på torget i stan.](https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/8lb87x/vma_g%C3%A5_och_prata_med_politikerna_som_st%C3%A5r_p%C3%A5/)

### Partier riksdagsval

#### Centerpartiet

[Hemsida](https://www.centerpartiet.se/), 
[Partiprogram](https://www.centerpartiet.se/download/18.145b416915819de0fb62e10f/1478006852784/H%C3%A4r-kan-du-l%C3%A4sa-hela-id%C3%A9programmet.pdf), 
[Valplattform](https://www.centerpartiet.se/download/18.3ebc896a160b99834804931/1517573152282/Valplattform%202018.pdf)

#### Feministiskt initiativ

[Hemsida](https://feministisktinitiativ.se/), 
[Partiprogram](https://feministisktinitiativ.se/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/fi-for-en-feministisk-politik-rev06_2017.pdf), 
[Valplattform](https://feministisktinitiativ.se/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/valplattform2018.pdf)

#### Kristdemokraterna

[Hemsida](https://kristdemokraterna.se/),
[Principprogram](http://www.kd.nu/principprogram.pdf), 

~~Valmanifest~~ Ej spikad?


#### Liberalerna

[Hemsida](https://www.liberalerna.se), 
[Partiprogram](https://www.liberalerna.se/wp-content/uploads/liberalernas-partiprogram-1.pdf), 
[Valplan](https://www.liberalerna.se/wp-content/uploads/valplan-2018.pdf)


#### Miljöpartiet

[Hemsida](https://www.mp.se/),
[Partiprogram](https://www.mp.se/sites/default/files/miljopartiets_partiprogram_lagupplost_2013.pdf)


~~Valmanifest~~ [Ej spikad?](https://www.mp.se/just-nu/valmanifestf%C3%B6rslag-2018)?

#### Moderaterna

[Hemsida](https://moderaterna.se/),
[Partiprogram](https://moderaterna.se/sites/default/files/page_attachments/2017-06/ideprogram_-_ansvar_for_hela_sverige_2013_1.pdf)


~~Valmanifest~~ [Ej spikad?](https://www.expressen.se/nyheter/m-tar-fram-eget-valmanifest/)?

#### Piratpartiet

[Hemsida](https://www.piratpartiet.se/), 
[Principprogram](https://www.piratpartiet.se/principprogram/),
[Äldre principprogram som pdf](http://www1.piratpartiet.se/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/partiprogram_slutversion.pdf)?


~~Valplattform~~ Ej spikad?

#### Socialdemokraterna

[Hemsida](http://www.socialdemokraterna.se/),
[Partiprogram](https://www.socialdemokraterna.se/globalassets/var-politik/partiprogram-och-riktlinjer/ett-program-for-forandring_2013.pdf)

~~Valplattform~~ Ej spikad?

#### Sverigedemokraterna

[Hemsida](https://sd.se/),
[Principprogram](https://sd.se/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/principprogrammet2014_webb.pdf)

~~Valplattform~~ Ej spikad?

#### Vänsterpartiet

[Hemsida](https://www.vansterpartiet.se/),
[Partiprogram](https://www.vansterpartiet.se/app/uploads/2017/06/Partiprogram_V-1jun2017.pdf), 
[Valplattform](https://www.vansterpartiet.se/app/uploads/2018/05/Valplattform_2018-A4.pdf)




### Valkompasser

 * [Expressen](https://www.expressen.se/nyheter/val-2018/osaker-infor-valet-2018--gor-valkompassen/)
 * [GP](http://www.gp.se/nyheter/sverige/valkompass-2018-vilket-parti-passar-dig-1.5601747)
 * [DN](https://www.dn.se/nyheter/politik/var-ligger-dina-sympatier-fa-svar-med-valkompassen/)

 
### Valsäkerhet

[Valmyndigheten om valsäkerhet](https://www.val.se/svenska-valsystemet/val-och-folkomrostningar/offentlighet-och-valobservation.html).

[Wikipedia om valfusk](https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valfusk).

[Lite om trollfabriker](http://spraktidningen.se/blogg/veckans-nyord-trollfabrik).

Om att upptäcka valfusk - 
[En statistisk metod](https://phys.org/news/2012-09-statistical-method-fraudulent-voting-russian.html), 

Öppna data - Lite förklarande [exempel](http://oppnadataiskolan.se/2015/11/tre-exempel-pa-oppna-data-bistand-luftkvalitet-och-kommuner/), 
[Valmyndighetens öppna data 2014](https://data.val.se/val/val2014/statistik/index.html)
"
310,"I've been playing on my Japanese account and here are my first impressions:

- Game is polished, pretty graphics and presentation

- Interface is simple and to the point

- Very smooth in handheld and plays well

- Got many lags. Beware lags can result in unexpected moves or trajectories = losses. Can get pretty annoying (tested with JP tournament from Australia)


- You unlock characters as you win points

- Body shots are cute

- The gameplay reminds me of Arms, very simple yet seems hard to master

- Alternate costumes would be great when there is two of the same character on screen

- Wish the camera was static when receiving the serve

- Wish we could communicate some emotions (at least) to the opponent. Some games were legit tight! I wanted to congratulate them.

- The more you go up the ladder in the tournament, the more it might take time to find an opponent (for now)

- You can resume your tournament if you get disconnected (if it happened in the menu at least)

- You still get points if the opponent disconnects

- If they fix the online lag, I might actually get the game!


How is your experience so far?"
311,"The indictments were unsealed on Huber's desk with great care, in hopes that Saint Q soon would be there.

 The cabal were all nestled snug in their beds while visions of orange jumpsuits danced in their heads. And Hillary in her pantsuit, and Comey in his cap had just settled their brains for a long summers nap. 

When out on the tube there rose such a chatter, Brennan sprung from his Islamic prayer mat to see what was the matter.Staring at the TV, McCabe had enough as federal agents broke down his door with the cuffs. 

The sun began to rise with the new revelations, that Obama's white house had illegally spied just like the allegations. When to their eyes, there grew such a surprise, a lengthy IG report that revealed all the lies. With brand new drops so lively and new, the whole world knew it had to be Q. 

More rapid than Eagles, his breadcrumbs they came, and he sang and riddled, and called them by name. ""Now Comey, and Hillary, Hussein, and Brennan. On Clapper, on McCabe, on Lynch, and on Weisman. To the top of the courts! To the top of the wall! Now hang, hang, hang away!

 As the calm before the crossfire hurricane storm, when they meet with their indictments, and mount in history's norms to the public's excitement. So up to tribunals the military they flew , with boxes full of evidence and Saint Q, too. And then in a moment they heard on the roof, that Huber and Rudy had them the proof. 

As it messed with their heads, and they tried to turn it around, down the tarmac team Q came to keep them there bound. They were dressed in military uniforms, from head to toe, and their clothes were all neat unlike their foe. A bundle of guns they carried in hand, because the punishment must be just to fill the demand. 

Trump sprang from Air Force One to give his team a whistle, and away they all flew escorting them to Gitmo. And they heard him claim as he flew out of sight, ""Thank Q to all, and to all a good night!"""
312,"Diese ständigen Links zu dümmlichen Tweets nehmen meiner Meinung nach langsam unerträgliche Formen an.


Es ist nicht ausreichend diese unter dem Flair Humor/MaiMai zu verstecken."
313,"I was walking to work this morning when this 6""2 dude with square jaw and strong chin came out of nowhere. he's dragging a luggage plus a laptop bag but he was outwalking me. I generally walk pretty fast but this guy was outpacing me so i tried to keep up by walking immediately behind him to minimise air resistance. After walking like that for a while he noticed and asked me why i was walking so close behind him and i told him i was drafting. He just went ""oh ok"" and kept on going. After even more he arrived at an office building and was greeted by a stacy who asked me who i was. Chad said i was just drafting as i said thank you and kept walking. In the distance i heard stacy said ""something something weirdo"" and Chad said ""he's just drafting"".

the end"
314,you know what to do.
315,"Welcome to the first round of Fire Emblem Heroes Survivor 2. Unlike a popularity contest like the voting gauntlet, we will be voting to eliminate heroes until we have one final survivor. If you want the details, you can check the announcement thread [here]( https://www.reddit.com/r/FireEmblemHeroes/comments/8niuka/announcing_fire_emblem_heroes_survivor_2/). 

Today, we begin the mass purge stage of the contest. We will be eliminating 3 heroes from the first 14 tribes of regular units, and 7 members from the 2 remaining tribes of alternate units. Combined, that’s 56 total units. So from 253 heroes entering, we will be going down to 197 in a single day.  Will some popular units see their downfall on day one? Or will it be all units with small fanbases?  Either way, you decide.

#[VOTE HERE]( https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeWXlewx010rjaiJmOYqSKrSimZPs11dAvby6B3aQ6x-3Gqwg/viewform?usp=sf_link)

If anyone knows how to change the google survey format so there are more than two options per row, that would be fantastic.  

You can always go back and edit your response if you change your mind. The poll will close officially between 6:30 AM and 7:00 AM EDT. Results and the next round will then be posted between 8:00 AM and 8:30 AM EDT. If you enjoy these sorts of things, don’t forget to upvote for visibility. Happy voting!

Questions of the day: 

* What heroes do you think have the best chance to make it out of the purge stage?

* What groups are interesting or difficult for you?

* Who do you want to win the whole contest?
"
316,I donated 4 and I’m somehow a criminal
317,"Get a wired connection. Seriously, I know people will go ""I can play Mario Kart with wifi fine"" but that's because Mario Kart has always been programmed differently to compensate for lag. This isn't possible in Smash Brothers and high action games like Mario Tennis Aces.

Here is a device you can use that I personally use on the Switch for a wired connection that works flawlessly. (No referral, just the link to it if you want to purchase it) https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00MYTSN18/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1

The #1 thing about a Wired Connection IS NOT about faster speeds. It's about stability. There is no stability when you are on wifi. It is why if you call your ISP about your wifi being dumb, they will tell you there are several reasons it can be doing that which is out of their control, which is true. This is about CONTROLLING YOUR PING. Your ping should not move at all on a wired connection.

If you INSIST you can't use a wired connection due to house setup.. Get as close to your router as you can. Make there be as few walls between you and the router as possible. You'll want to make sure people aren't video streaming at all when you try to online game with wifi though. Netflix/Hulu/Twitch will likely kill your online gaming experience otherwise.

De-activate devices you arent using on wifi. The more devices you have connected to a wifi network the more likely there can be issues.

Something specifically related to Mario Aces: Understand the connection rating IS WHAT YOU BOTH SEE. If you're accepting a 2/5 match, that means that is what the connection is for both of you. If you are never capable of getting 4/5 or 5/5 matches.. That means your setup effectively isn't capable of getting that because you should be able to get that sometimes if you have a good connection. Peer to Peer it only takes one person to be able to ruin the connections ability.

With Smash coming and Tennis being playable now, along with games like Fortnite and Dragon Ball FighterZ seemingly coming, you should really start to invest in that wired connection though. Again, it isn't about speeds, wifi can get fine speeds. It's about CONTROLLING YOUR PING."
318,"I appreciated how Infinity War continued the tradition of Thor and Cap having a casual conversation in the middle of a battle. Every Avengers movie so far has featured the two of them shooting the shit like two guys at a pub. 

Also their team-ups with the shield/hammer shockwave are always fun to watch. "
319,"Its been almost a week since the new Dark Souls Remaster came out, and feels like the game hype die off really fast, but most importantly somehow I feel the Switch Edition being pushed back really impacted the game release hype overall, I am still buying the game when is ready, but they really lost an incredible release window for the game, as the E3 rumors indicate that the incoming months will be packed with great games that could easily overshadow/compete heavily with Dark Souls."
320,"We know that rematches generally do not favor the loser of the first bout, but sometimes rematches for close fights aren't even made. Which hypothetical rematches do you think would have a different winner at the moment? Why?"
321,"Been lurking/studying a long time, but just now starting to post. Special area of interest is Trump Tweets and Q Posts \- Learning our Comms.

Frequently one a.m. tweet from Trump has unexpected words Capitalized \- in other tweets he doesn't do that. \(Many have pointed this out and addressed these \- nothing new.\) Learning to interpret them might be important, so I've tried many kinds of cryptographic techniques, and come to the conclusion that these are simply abbreviations that form the words of a hidden sentence. \(Again, nothing new or earth shattering here.\)

For example, on Wed 5/29 Trumps tweet contained the unexpectedly capitalized letters: NTDEMRWH. \(Don't use any PROPERLY capitalized words.\) My interpretation: New Tariff Declarations Effective Midnight thuRsday Will Happen. Sure enough, the next day \- 5/30 new tariffs were announced effective Thursday at midnight! Granted I had only part of it worked out before the actual announcement, so I did have the help of hindsight a bit on that one. But it seems that only validates that the future proves the past in that tweet!

Now look at this! Yesterdays Tweet included the unexpectedly capitalized letters: BCMVTC. Does this mean: Birth Certificate \(Memo or Material?\) Vindicating Trump Coming. That would be YUGE.

Today's tweet includes: AFTTL \- gotta spend some time on that one now.

Update: how about Abuse of FISA Tied \(or Traced\) To Lynch \(If there is proof of this some really big players would fall!\)"
322,"In light of the recent investment leak and a few comments I read about how there must be corruption, I figured it was time to share this story.

My dad was the general manager of a Utah car dealership in the 1990's. He had a customer who was the procurement person for the church for some of the cars purchased in Utah. The customer would come in every year or so and purchase a dozen conservative cars. But to do so, he required that my dad give him an envelope of cash, containing five thousand dollars.

I only have my dad's story to confirm this. But it is almost certainly true. He told it to me long ago and again recently, and he wouldn't be the type to pass up an opportunity to sell that many cars.

So yes, when you have that kind of money flowing through an institution, there will always be some corruption. I actually think the church is probably better than most at monitoring this stuff. But, what scares me, is the stuff that is sanctioned by the church, like making sure the right people own property around each temple before the new-temple announcement is made.

*Edit: Sorry the nice person who commented on the last post, I couldn't take the typo in the title."
323,"**Okay, that's a wrap! We'll be checking this post from time to time, so if you have any more questions, feel free to ask. Hope everyone enjoys the game!**
--------------------------------


We're a small team of four. One artist, one programmer and two designers, who built Smoke and Sacrifice over two years. In the game, you play as Sachi, a mother who sacrifices her child to the Sun Tree, then goes on a quest to find her son and reveal the secrets behind her world.


Reddit username: SolarSail-Tancred
--------------------------------

Ancient Vic-20 era game developer, directed Battalion Wars and Art Academy series for Nintendo, Artist/ Creative Director on Smoke and Sacrifice


Reddit username: SolarSail-Neil
--------------------------------

Neil wrote his first game on a broken Apple IIe when he was four. He’s been obsessed with programming and game design ever since. He was the sole programmer on Art Academy and now is the sole programmer on Smoke and Sacrifice!


Reddit username: SolarSail-Justin
--------------------------------

Voice of Vince from the Art Academy series, designer and sole writer on Smoke and Sacrifice


More about Smoke and Sacrifice
--------------------------------

[Watch the Launch Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9QUcHvzxLU&amp;t=2s)

[Visit the Solar Sail Games website](http://solarsailgames.com)

[Tweet us!](https://twitter.com/solarsailgames)

[Smoke and Sacrifice eShop store page](https://www.nintendo.co.uk/Games/Nintendo-Switch-download-software/Smoke-And-Sacrifice-1384101.html)


"
324,"It's almost too obvious. We'd probably see the Pikachu vs. Eevee Splatfest in Splatoon 2 closer to the release of the games, but it would be a great way to build up hype."
325,"I know this isn’t a new thought, but it does line up with a few things. When it comes to events in FEH there is usually a main reward: Tempest Trials gives out a free unit and Sacred Seals; Grand Conquest and Voting Gauntlet is a free Featherstorm. 

Tap Battle? Nothing that stands out — just a trail mix of Orbs, Shards, Crystals, and Badges. Which is understandable since the gamemode is more of a ‘diversion’ or a ‘breath of fresh air’ — something like a minigame you can play whenever you feel bored *(we can see that by how long they are lasting now)* and dosen’t use the main game formulas. Accessory rewards would fit so well as a final reward because, as they stated, they are purely cosmetic and do not boost your unit in any way (except for fashion and style). And let’s be honest — we should’ve caught on that the Spring Scene seems to be a placeholder of sorts. It’s mostly eyecandy, a similar feeling to what you expect Accessories will do to your mini-units.

In the event they *don’t* do this... well... prepare those feedback forms.

**TL;DR:** A different type of gamemode is a catalyst for a different type of reward. Accessories compliment Tap Battle with the way it’s been set up."
326,"I don’t share this to gloat.  I’m also not insinuating that I am being “blessed” for any action or inaction.  

In fact, I don’t think paying or not paying tithing invokes any kind of supernatural effect.  My raise was a fortunate occurrence, but it had no connection to whether I was paying tithing or not.

But there are two important lessons from this:

1. Getting to keep that 10% of your income can be a huge benefit to your financial situation.

2. The idea that God will punish you financially for not paying your tithing is a bull-shit scare tactic.

I was terrified when I stopped paying tithing.  I feared that God was going to make my situation worse.  

Thanks goodness I didn’t let that fear get to me.

You need your money more than the church does.  Keep it.




"
327,"I know this isn’t a new thought, but it does line up with a few things. When it comes to events in FEH there is usually a main reward: Tempest Trials gives out a free unit and Sacred Seals; Grand Conquest and Voting Gauntlet is a free Featherstorm. 

Tap Battle? Nothing that stands out — just a trail mix of Orbs, Shards, Crystals, and Badges. Which is understandable since the gamemode is more of a ‘diversion’ or a ‘breath of fresh air’ — something like a minigame you can play whenever you feel bored *(we can see that by how long they are lasting now)* and dosen’t use the main game formulas. Accessory rewards would fit so well as a final reward because, as they stated, they are purely cosmetic and do not boost your unit in any way (except for fashion and style). And let’s be honest — we should’ve caught on that the Spring Scene seems to be a placeholder of sorts. It’s mostly eyecandy, a similar feeling to what you expect Accessories will do to your mini-units.

In the event they *don’t* do this... well... prepare those feedback forms.

**TL;DR:** A different type of gamemode is a catalyst for a different type of reward. Accessories compliment Tap Battle with the way it’s been set up."
